GCP5W7: 
  name: Right on Target by Prairiepartners
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=9b2d9236-1408-45ae-9a5d-7acba85cc63c&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  GPS way off today, but we found it!
  -  Found at 3 30pm p Thanks for the cache p lrs&rms
  -  Nice camo job, but found quickly and was on my way.  TFTH!
  -  I made my mom get out and look for it in the rain, she didnt find it, so i tried a hunch and we spottted it while being eyed by someone taking a smoke break, so we had to be as discreet as we could be in replacing it. TFTC
  -  Found on a rainy day with Xile.
  -  TFTC  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found with miraclekid and okayletsgo
  -  Fast and easy the hunt of course.
  -  I guess from here I could hit the bullseye! Found with TwinkieKid and okayletsgo! Thanks for the cache!
  -  Nicely done.  Good camo job.  This was tough to see which made it a lot of fun. TFTC!
  -  I was out for some therapeutic caching today.  I took some time off to relax and reflect after a very busy week. p Of course I parked in the wrong lot but I got it! p Thanks for the cache, br Team D & D, Greensburg, IN br 
  -  DROPPING/RETRIEVING TRAVEL BUG TO RECORD MILEAGE!
  -  Amazing camo job!! TFTC
  -  Almost didnt see it, but I was lucky.  Good view from here.  Thanks
  -  found 8 6 05.Sorry about the delay in logging.Didnt realize I hadnt logged till  br i read ZBQs log we found this one together Doc
  -  We almost missed it by That Much..... br ZBQ
  -  Good hide! Great camo job!
  -  Very good camo job. The hardest part of this cache was navigating the traffic on this back side.
  -  Man that one was really camoed.  I had my hand practically on it and still didnt see it.  I went to the car and reread the clue and still almost didnt see it.  
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  Found on a day of caching in Monroe and surrounding counties.  #9 of 20. br Good hide. br TFTC br 
  -  There were two guys in a pickup having lunch.  We kept coming back by until they finally left.  I wonder if their boss knows how much time they spend on their lunch hour!  Thanks for the cache.
  -  Grabbed this one real quick.  Do we have bears in the town of Bloomington?  What IS that pile near the cache? br Nice cammo job! br Signed the log. br Strohem
  -  Drove right to it.  Saw it while I was sitting in my car.
  -  Found on a caching run through central Indiana.  Thanks for all the caches!  Ooo RAH!!  ARF/GyPSy.
  -  TNLNSL TFTC
  -  Running in the rain with Deermark, PrairiePartners and KepNFit.
  -  Hit on a rainy caching day in the Bloomington and Bedford areas. p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along br Jeffersonville, IN
  -  Followed the GPSr right to the spot. Thanks for the fun. p Deermark
  -  bullseye br 
  -  Nice cache. I must say though I walked up the huge hill. About to turn back but perserved. Whew! Finally got to the top and found the cache.  Thanx for placing a cache here in bloomington. br Thanx, br BBF
  -  Drove right to it. Strange how some days we go right to the cache site, then other days things seem to lock up and I couldnt find the cache if it had a sign over it shouting its location in neon lights. Oh well, thanks for the find.
  -  I parked by the name so I had to climb.  Nice easy find.  Thanks.  
  -  This one took a bit of traveling round, but we finally figured it out.  br Thanks for the hide.  br Carla & Mark br Lost N Looking
  -  Clever Clue! nice hide
  -  Nice and easy find.
  -  Thanks for another grab and go hide!  THANKS!!!
  -  I was certain where the cache was, and it was indeed there. The container was perfect for the location and the coordinates were right on target. Thanks for the hide.
GCM7DZ: 
  name: Griffith Cemetery by Prairiepartners
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=54522c39-37f3-4469-8d1f-9e6ccf78bc45&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Found right away.  Driven by here hundreds of time & never noticed this Cemetery.  I took $, left key chain flash light that is actually bigger than the cache.  Next finder will see what I mean. 
  -  #325.  Was passing thru Bloomington today on my way to Lawrence Co.  Found it with GPS in the car.  Nice little cemetery.  Left Rupert2 banknote.  Thanks
  -  TFTC  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   Neat cemetary!
  -  An easy find in a quaint little cemetery. TFTC
  -  There was a loud thunk. br Who knew the log was intact? br No damage, I hope.
  -  Well manicured place. br The car ran over a log. br Everything was fine. p  COG Haiku logging month www.cogeocaching.org 
  -  I started out the day with a goal to get to the INKY Geo 2nd Annual Ice Cream Buffet.  I figured I’d pick up a few caches along the way and a few on the way back, you know, if I had time!  It turned into a 24 hour Cache run.  Thanks for all of the fun. p Team D & D, Greensburg, IN br 
  -  Found this one on a trip up north with my parents. I loved this cemetery it had some neat tombstones. Thanks for the hide. br Sassykat br Williams, IN
  -  A neat little cemetery.  SL
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  Found on a day of caching in Monroe and surrounding counties.  #20 of 20. br TFTC br Spent most of my day searching for PrairiePartners  10  and bikininbottomfeeders  7  caches.  I appreciate the work that you folks did to put out all of these caches.  You made it a fun day! br This cache was especially fun as it is number 500 for me!!  Thanks PP. br 
  -  Nice, quiet, forgotten cemetery.  Thanks for the hide!
  -  After driving around the long way, and never finding where we needed to be, we kinda stumbled on the right road.   br What a tiny cememtary! br Nice hide, thanks for bringing us here.  br Carla & Mark br Lost N Looking
  -  Pass by here all the time. Never knew this cemetery br was here. TNLNSL. Thanks
  -  First of the day, nice place to start the day!  TNLNSL! TFTC!
  -  First of the day.  Been by here many times but had never noticed this little cemetery.  A very nice hide and THANKS!!!
  -  Really liked finding this one.  Have been by it a lot and nver stopped.  String was nice touch.
  -  Nice hide, never knew this small cemetary existed!
  -  Good spot!  Ive passed here 1,000s of times and never knew the cemetary was there. TNLN. p Tanks, for the memories!
  -  Found this one pretty quick. THanx
  -  Almost shot by this one. Thanks for the nice hide. p Deermark
  -  In from Chicago visiting my niece   had to stop on the way in.  br I LOVE cemetery caches! Very cool little cemetery. br Thanks so much for the hide and for feeding my addiction, even while travelling!  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Never noticed this was here.  Thanks!
  -  Weve been meaning to stop and find this one, and today was the day.  Fun to stop and look at a little local history.  Signed log.
  -  Starting to feel the loss of the hour in time zones and the brunt of bending over too much picking up trash!
  -  Nice quick find this morning.  Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Setting up the kids account and backlogging their finds.
  -  This is our families first trip caching. br We all love it. br Thanx to deaths_head for asking us along. br Cool cemetary first time I have ever seen it.
  -  #973 br 12 24PM br Found this one today.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br TNLNSL br Happy Easter p  This entry was edited by oldtimers on Sunday, April 03, 2005 at 5 35 53 PM. 
  -  Didnt even know this litte historic cemetery exhisted. Awesome
  -  Found this one pretty easy,  couldnt figure out how to get it up, but got i anyways.  found with DJHobby.  Thanks!!
  -  Found it w/ no probs. once we got to the cemetery.  Drove right by the Cemetery though dont know how I missed it, you would think w/ a GPSr you could find something like that easy enough.  DO NOT,  I repeat DO NOT drive on down that lane unless you have a four wheel drive.   Luckly the skills I learned as a teenager of driving like the Duke Boys came in handy and I was able to keep my car that has 2 ground clearance from getting stuck.  But just barely.  
  -  Have seen this cemetary along the road for some years, but never considered it for a cache.  Thank You
  -  Weve had some bad luck with M&M containers,ether we never find it or it takes us a long time to. I hope this one has changed our luck with em. br Thanks  br Jim, Di And The Boyz br Bruceville, Indiana
  -  Thanks for the cache, good hide.Log was in good shape.
  -  I happened to glance at my GPS just in time to make the turn.  I didnt even know that Cemetery was there.  Easy find.  Signed the log.  The cache is in good condition.  Thanks for the fun! br Strohem
  -  Perfect cache for a cold winter day.  I wish I hadnt given the clue to the kids.  It was too easy after that. p Thanks, The 5Gregorys 
  -  Our first cache find of 2005!  Thanks!  TNLNSL.
  -  found 12 12 04 8 00am. this one actually made it a week without a FTF,so I reckon the honor goes to me.nice,out of the way place.TN,left one of my cards.thanx.Doc
GCCE85: 
  name: CamoCan Cache by ryanjimmi (Adopted by HexTheKiwi)
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=82a3498c-db02-407d-bb2f-e1a0100784ee&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Nice park. Were just getting in a little Geocaching while in town visiting our son. Took radio left calculator. Thanks for the hide.
  -  Loved the park. Found before a baseball game. Had nothing to trade so TNLNSL
  -  Went alone on this hunt  Found it on lunch break.  What a beautiful day!  Cache looks to be in good shape.  Took nothing, left poem. SL.  TFTH.  Gus
  -  Found this one with friends while recovering from a Wolfpack loss.
  -  Found this one on a cloudy afternoon with friends.
  -  Our first find in NC and we were here with newbies  unofficially  Geodog and Geocat.  Nice cache!!  Left a spider, spider geobutton, power ranger, and butterfly stickers.  Took video, car, and a frog.  Traded TBs   took Jump, the Frog and left Nazar   necklace from Germany .  TFTC!!!!  spider99
  -  Made the trip to Cary this morning hoping to get the WJTB.  I should have read all the logs.  It seems that someone got it but didnt log the TB. p Anyway . . . Nice park, nice walk, nice day  inspite of Ophelia , and a nice hide!  TNLNSL.  TFTH!
  -  Took Scooby Doo book, dropped off Jump, the Scholarly Frog travel bug after taking him to visit NCSU.  SL.  TFTH.
  -  Second of the day with the my girls.  Find was made more difficult because it was just getting dark.
  -  great hide.  We always enjoy a walk in this park.  The weather was beautiful today.  We took the JEEP travel bug.
  -  Stopped by today to check on the cache and everything was in order. br Also dropped of Bardan the White Jeep Travel Bug.
  -  If youre hunting in the summer, watch for spiders, take a stick to get them out of the way. 
  -  Yep, theres spiders all right.  Cary a loooonnnng stick, and wave it about in front of you.  TNLNSL.
  -  Quick find after some nearby letterboxing.  Much better than the last time i came here.  Thanks Kiwis for ressurecting this cache.  Didnt have my daughter this time, so i just signed the log.  Nice container.  I wish i could find some in that good of shape.
  -  Also experienced the spider webs in the face walk.  TFTH, TNLN.
  -  Nice walk in the park though near the cache I ran through a spider web between every  seems like  tree. TFTH.
  -  Great cache with some interesting stuff inside. We took a star ball and left a toy car.
  -  It was fun to find this cache. We were visiting the area from Southern California. On advice from a local cacher, we took a walk around this lake. We saw people fishing. Some of them had several fish. What was most interesting was that some of these fishermen werent using rod or reel   instead they had fishing line wrapped around bottles. They were casting by throwing the weight and float into the lake while holding part of the bottle. p The cache is in great shape and full of goodies but we still TNLNSL. p Thanks, p Team Geo Jedi
  -  Visited the cache today with friends. We replaced the tupperware container with a large, dark green ammocan. Its above ground, nestled against the side of a large fallen tree, under a few small sticks. Its full of all sorts of nice things, a new log book, and should be a reletively easy find. The photos given on the cache page are no longer accurate. We are in the process of adopting responsibility for this cache. 
  -  Found w/ Reward.  Also ran across a cache apparantly from a party a couple months ago, still there...
  -  I didnt trip over this one like gitana did, but found it. Note that it has moved and is not where it is pictured on the cache page.  Actually, I like the hide location a lot and would recommend it stay where it is! 
  -  We looked around for awhile but we didnt find this one. Pretty sure we had the right tree, but we didnt see it. We will come back and try this one again another day.
  -  Out with USMC2052 today for a stroll in the park, TFTHSL
  -  found it with jgh team . t  mcD. teddy bear. l  sugar bear
  -  We had fun with this one. Found it by using the ole foot dragging method. Thanks! 
  -  Same problem here.  Found three possible trees and nothing.  I also saw the surveyors stake so maybe the owner needs to check on this one.  I found the Chevy Cache and Googalooga after the other cachers so this one may be missing.
  -  We also looked around the area.  Didnt dig anywhere, since its one of the rules of this site that you shouldnt have to.  We did see where someone else had poked all around the bases of the two trees in the area.  After looking at the picture, im not 100% certain that we looked at the right tree, but there were three in the area of the coordinates and we looked at all three.  One of them had an orienteering stake near the base.  I dont know if thats recent, but im guessing it does mean additional non geocaching traffic through the area.
  -  We found three downed trees within the errors of the instruments but none had a cache near their bases.  Maybe Well try again sometime.  Im sure we were close as we found the stuff in the clues but no cache.  Of course, it could have been buried deeper than we dug; either way, we didnt find it!     
  -  Found this while in the park for a picnic with the family while we were in town from Webster NY.  Thanks for taking me around the park on a fine day.
  -  Caching with friends in North Carolina.  The youngest, newest cacher found this one all by herself! Took the bouncy ball and trash bag and left a key chain. TFTC. br HappyTrackers
  -  Does anybody know what the holes near this cache are caused by?
  -  Although this cache appears to have been moved from its original hiding spot  based on the hint and pictures  it was still a great find!  We walked by it several times before I literally stumbled upon it.     p We left a small rubber stamp and took the flip flop travel bug hoping to help it on its journey. p Thanks for the hide!  And good luck with school!
  -  first of three today with Handy Find!
  -  Found with Feather today, TNLNSL.
  -  Well, we finally found it... I dont think it is in its original hiding spot   the place we found it doesnt look anything like the pictures!  However, it is pretty close! br TFTH!
  -  Took a co worker out on a first geocaching expedition on a beautiful day.  This was our first of three in Bond Park.  We must have been trailing behind Tom and Family, cause they beat us to all three today. br Left Monsters Inc straw and GC button.  Took frog. br Thanks for reintroducing us to a nice park. br Oh yeah...and this brought us to the big 25 in finds!!   br 
  -  My Family and I found this one 2nd of three in the park we searched for today. This was a beutiful park. We took a dog license tag and a spiderman doll, and left a teletubbie clip on doll and and a playschool guitar. We almost gave up on this one until it jumped up and almost bit me. TFTH SL
  -  It was an overcast day and a bit chilly, but a nice day for geocaching. Not many muggles in the park and we saw only on lonesome cold grasshopper looking for something green to munch on. ;   The cache wasnt quite next to the uprooted trees as stated by the note about the cache. Not sure if it had been moved by somebody since we did find a suspicious hole next to the roots that would have been ideal for the cache to be. Anyway, thank for the hide! We left a Sonic electronic game and took a golf ball wax candle.
  -  Sounds like our method of discovery was quite like most of the others...  If you cant find it by traditional methods, maybe youll kick it or step on it or ... SOMETHING! p If Ida really realized how CLOSE this was to the other cache here I wouldnt have bothered to get in the car and drive to it... p Um... I quickl realized my mistake, turned the car back around and just to make it LOOK like I wasnt that stupid, parked the car in a different spot.... in the same lot, of course. p Sheesh.
  -  Just happened to have the coordinates in the gps, but did not have the clues.  Took a little bit of searching since the batteries were low, but we got it.  TNLN. TFTH! p nc_geocacher & Leslie
  -  Quick find. Soggy, full logbook. Nice location. TNLN. 
  -  Quick find after work today. Log book still full and still damp. Took nothing, left a pink pencil and small sheet of paper  from another cache!  to use as a continuation for the log    and signed it, of course... thanx
  -  As mentioned in other logs, the logbook is full and slightly damp. p Found this one with the good old use your foot as a broom until you kick the cache technique    .  Rather lucky, I guess, as my GPSr was pointing me about 40 feet away from the cache. p  MarkRebuck,   a href http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank visit link /a   
  -  Found this one and log was damp..  great find completed my bond park run.
  -  Found this one fairly easily.  Log Book is full and slightly damp.  After getting back and looking at the pictures I have come to the conclusion that the cache has been moved, glad I didnt look at the pictures before I searched for it or I would have thought it was missing. br TNLN  SL
  -  The last find of the hike at Bond Park. The drizzle was getting a bit heavier and the sun had set. I went straight from Googalooga. I found the orienteering marker that I knew was nearby. The cache wasnt in the exact spot I had marked on my map, but it only took a couple minutes to work the grid and find it. TFTC.
  -  Not sure why this cache is marked unavailable. We walked right up on it with no problems. The cache and log book are a little damp but still there...and the log book is full. Took rubber ball and left a paratrooper toy, signed log. TFTC
  -  My son and I walked all around the downed trees.  Nothing.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  We found the large fallen tree off the trail between the two signs. Our GPS receiver indicated two feet. Six people went through & under all the leaves & debris within a 40 ft radius. The cache wasnt there.
  -  Beautiful day in the park, short easy bushwhack.  Took coin and a pencil.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Pretty quick find and pretty quick visit   heard many muggle voices nearby  although I dont think they were as close as I thought . TNLNSL  Thanks!
  -  This was our first find.  Was very popular today.  We came upon it as another group was putting it back. 
  -  Had to look for wuite a while, but finally our dog helped us out. Thanks.
  -  This was not easy to find.  After 15 minutes my eagle eyed son found it.  Hint  Now it is not right next to the root ball but near.  We had fun though. p  This entry was edited by philliph2 on Sunday, November 28, 2004 at 5 50 01 PM. 
  -  Second of my familys three finds in Bond Park today. Took us just a couple of minutes to locate. br Took  A bottle of bubble mixture.  Left  A gold coloured Air Force coin. br Thanks for the hunt.
  -  The family went out and found this one together.  We had to search a little bit because the GPS put us 30 feet or so away, but we found it in about 30 minutes.  Took a Mount Rushmore Keychain, left a Clifford rubber bouncy ball.  Thanks!
  -  2nd find in Bond Park.  On vacation from South Dakota and decided to do some caching in North Carolina.  Found it with my 10 year old nephew and he enjoyed looking for the caches.  Took Batman and left a South Dakota pencil and Mt. Rushmore key chain. Thanks for the great cache. It was fun trying to find it.
  -  Found after a pretty good search.  Log is soaked.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  Good hide... Things HAVE changed since this one was placed.  The hint pics are no longer the same as the original container... I dont think.. I took 4 nickles and left 2 geobuttons.  TFTH
  -  A nice evening in the park. Thanks!
  -  Nice hide!  I found this while in the park w/ my little brothers cub scout group setting off rockets.  I was able to find this and 2 others while I was here.  TNLN
  -  LOL, guess the Magellan slingshot led us right past the correct spot, which had us looking in the wrong places at first. OOPS! Eventually we made our way back to the hint and found it right away! LOL Thanks for the fun!
  -  A quick find in a nice section of park.
  -  Took my 3 youngest for a hike through the park.  We all had a great time   took 3 small toys, left 3.  Thanks for the hunt and treasure.
  -  Found it after a nice walk around the lake with the family. Took silly putty, left snowman pencil. Busy day at Bond Park. 
  -  Did this after Good Googalooga!, and this was a quick jog from that cache. Took a little while to find, but it was easy once I saw its spot. TNLN, my 2nd of 8 finds Saturday.
  -  I was looking in the wrong tree, as I was looking in the largest downed tree   .  Thanks for the hide!!!
  -  Going caching with a 2 and 7 year old makes for quite a celebration when opening these caches. br Left a blank CD, Took nothing.
  -  Lots of people fishing around the lake today. The log book is pretty full, I was lucky to find one blank page left ^_^  Took nothing left some Silly Putty. p I took some pictures if you would like to see them  br URL for the pictures    a href http //www.pbase.com/piggyson/geocache/ target _blank visit link /a     Caution Spoliers  p Thanks for the Cache.
  -  4 in one park cool! br out  mctoy and tiger br in  Madonna CD and Transormer br in/out Blueberry TB br Thanks for the smiley! br Rixart Huluvu,Emilymaus br 
  -  After locating GC242 I noticed this one was only 409 feet away.  Without the sheet of hints  Left in the car at the community center , my etrex Venture put us right on top of it. Took crayons, left batman and ShirKahn  Taken from GC242  That tells you that a 4 year old only has an attention span of 400 feet when it comes to geocache treasures.
  -  Found this in a Bond Park sweep. Took either an gator or a croc  I couldnt tell he had his mouth closed  Left a Pedro keychain.
  -  Found it in good condition.  Our 2 yo enjoyed her first cache although she didnt get the take something part.  TNLN
  -  Was in the area for many of the other caches in Bond Park... couldnt locate this one. Hmmmmm...
  -  Thanks for an easy one, it was loaded with stuff but the log was damp . . . we just had a heavy rain? THANKS br Granpa Alex
  -  Our last find of the day, the sweat was starting to build up in the afternoon heat, although this was nice and shady, could have used a breeze!  Also got to this one after GPa Alex.
  -  Found after a few minutes. Second find of the day. Thanks!!
  -  Found the cache in less than 2 minutes after leaving the trail.  Took Izzy the Traveling Lizard a rock, pen, and pinwheel.  Left a snake, click it, 2 awards, and bubbles.
  -  Very nicely hid.  Still in good shape. Mr Lizard is br still there.  Left one of the Magic Blue Sedona Stones. br The lucky finder will get one wish from it  but it has to be a positive one .  Found this cache with Mr. Kobe.  Thanks.  
  -  Found it with MandaJan.  Even thought my GPS was useless because of the foliage and cloud cover. br TFTH
  -  We were out looking for another cache in the area. Since we didnt find it we decided to look for this one. Good thing we did, didnt want the day to be a complete loss. TNLNSL
  -  After finding the Bond Lakeshore cache my father in law and I went over to search for this one and Good Googalooga since my wife  jklGoDuke  had found them already and I hadnt.  My father in law found this one.  My father in law took a small truck  to give to his only grandson  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   and I took a small candle in the shape of a bear.  We left a pinwheel and a small biner.  Thanks for a good cache.
  -  my first day of geocaching and only my second find ever, a great search.
  -  Nice cache and neat way to hide it.  The log book is full, had to look for a half empty page.  Otherwise cache is in good shape.  Bond park is very nice and we enjoyed walking the trails. 
  -  Took my mt. bike and set a route of 10 caches. This was the second. My GPS wasnt working great, then I noticed why and reintialized it. Kind of tough due to all the downed trees. TNLN + SL. Covered it better than I found it. Enjoyed it!
  -  Found with jklGoDuke.  Now I have an account of my own!
  -  Found it easily, but I see that its not quite in the same place as the spoiler picture.  My son took a toy car  1940 Ford  and I took a Mardi Gras coin.  We left a Clockwork frizbee, a ring, and a robot.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  2nd of 3 caches we found in Bond Park after a nice picnic dinner this evening.  We ended up taking the long way around, but we got there eventually.  Swapped a BK happy meal toy for the geoGeorge$ that I plan to drop off a long way from home on our family vacation next month. p Its been a week since we got a good rain, but the container seemed reasonably dry when we found it.
  -  There are lots of blown over trees now   thanks to the ice storms last winter.  and it wasnt by the roots anymore, someone must have moved it a little, so stomp around and youll find it too. tn/ln.
  -  Very cool find.  Thanks for the cache....TNLNSL...CACHE ON!
  -  I found this one on bare coords after the Good Googalooga cache, so I first suspected that the clue was on a Coke can artfully hidden under the log.  It turned out that the can was a recently used homemade hash bong.   Maybe it was left by a cacher who was seeking consolation for not finding the cache?  p A little further searching in the area led me to the cache, which had a considerable amount of broken, untradable junk.  I cleaned out the junk and left a geoGeorge$ for trade. p Dont bother looking for the bong.  I dumped it with the rest of the trash on my way out.
  -  1st of 4 found this day. Absolutely perfect weather for Geocacheing. Nice park. Kids were participating in the Easter Egg hunts. TNLN. p Sir & Duchie
  -  This was are third cache for today. I found this one by stepping on it. This cahe needs help from its owner. Everything is wet in it. Thanks for the hunt! br 
  -  The whole Geo Roach team went out searching today.  Found this one with a little bit of work.  It was Mama Roachs first real find.  Wish we had some duct tape to cover the hole that was the lid.  Took nothing, left an eraser.
  -  This was the first of three finds for the day.  Very close to my close to the location of my first cache placement, Good Googalooga.  It was nice to be back in my old stomping grounds, it’s been a while.  My two kids and I had a great time.  The container has a hole in the lid and the contents are a bit soggy.  Luckily the log was dry.  Thanks ryanjimmi. p Happy trails!
  -  Found this one after finding Good Googalooga! ... this one was harder to find, but my GPS got me within a few feet of it.  Evidentally, the cache has moved slightly from where it was originally  based on the pictures I just looked at .  We took the foreign currency left by the last visitor, and left a golf tool and a few other items.
  -  We have never walked in Bond Park before, this was very nice.  We took nothing and left some foreign currency.  Please note there is a crack in the top of the container and the contents are damp.  We really enjoyed looking for this one.  Thanks very much.
  -  travel bug tracking entry  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found this one while out on a walk in the woods with Dad.
  -  Found this one after visiting Good Googalooga.  Took nothing and left nothing. p Jabba and the Tater
  -  almost didnt find it till we fell in the hole! we had fun thanks.
  -  Nice hiding spot!  Some contents are a little damp but log is fine.  Left a Dilbert pencil and took a Red Wolf badge.
  -  Red Wolf Team  12 31 03   1 35 pm br Enjoyed this one. A good hide in a nice park. br TN/left 2 Red Wolf geo badges. Thanks for the fun.
  -   Last of five for the day. Had my wife Eva and our dog satchet with me.  Literally found it by falling in the hole  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle . Log entry from group to find it early in the day indicated they found it the same way.
  -  Found this one with some ease but it was well hidden.  br Please recover your cache, extremely wet. I poured out several ounces of water. Took nothing, left my business card br Signed log. br 
  -  Thanks for the adventure. I guess we walked round and round and made several false starts in and out of the bush on this one. We finally did find it. Things were a little damp...probably needs a service visit with some dry towelettes  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle . Addison, my 6 year old, chose a prized squashed penny and left a collectors soccer card  in its own baggie . p It was fun exploring the surroundings. Addison even found a baseball out in the woods in one of our false starts. p All in all a great hike. p Cheers, p The Callan Crew
  -  Excellent hide!  Never even knew about this park as I am not originally from here.  Had trouble finding it one time before, but since I was able to find the park I had no trouble locating the cache.  Nicely done. TN/LN
  -  Connor and I found it today under cover of the bike race. No one was paying attention to us bushwacking the last few yards to the container. Cache is in good shape.
  -  We found this one fairly quick.  We had just finished Good Googalooga and this one was very close.  We had 7 kids and a dog with us and they had a great time.  Took nothing left nothing.  Signed book.  CITO.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -   br I am late logging this in. Very strange   I found the cache contents wet, but people coming after me say it is fine. br Nice park, though. Easy to find. p 
  -  Not too hard to find site even without a GPS unit.  Took TB Simi Crash.  SL.  Cryptoclue is a dead giveaway though. br 
  -  Great find after traveling 3000 miles. Tracked our entire trip with the GPS. Left Simi Crash & WG$; took Kates Bug Box & Uncle Elwyn TB. Thanks for the find.
  -  Found this one while in Cary, NC for a wedding.  Found it without too many problems.   As per previous finders, the cache was wet inside.  Poured out water.  Log book was damp.  We had brought Kates Bug Box to NC as we were celebrating the wedding of one of our many Kates.  Now that all but the Kate of Kates Bug Box fame is married off.    p Kates Bug Box wants to travel as far as possible, perhaps leaving the country at some point.   If anyone finds it, please keep it moving. p Uncle Elwyn TB was there.  We decided that we didnt want to have to explain the TB to airport security, so we left it in the cache.  We left a Geocard and took some stickers. p Thanks for the cache.
  -  My wife and I took my son fishing at the park. I decided to take a quick detour to this cache as it was about .13 miles from the parking lot that we parked in. I didnt look at the web site before I went out searching for it, but found it easily just the same. As soon as I saw that up rooted tree, I figured it had to be near there. I signed the log, but didnt take or leave anything. The log book was a little damp. p Thanks.
  -  Man!  That was fun!  It was my first.  I had trouble opening it but pulled my keys out and pryed the lid off.  There was some water inside so i poured that out.  Signed the log and closed her back up.  I didnt take anything because I had nothing to contribute.  This is a fun hobby!
  -  Nice cache.  We are down from Westren NY visting our newest granchild.  2weeks old  It was a delight finding this cache.  We took soccer madness TB and left Uncle Elwyn TB. Will log the take as soon as I have internet with the bug for number needed.  Also took small toy and left small toy.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  My second for the day. Found this right after we found Googalooga.. actually, would have found this first if it werent for some extra foot/paw traffic at the time.. me and the Jasper the Geodog went off to find Googalooga in the meantime.  p Cache recovered in good condition,  although the original BRIGHT green of the tupperware top is starting to show through the paint.  TNLN, signed log.  br 
  -  In the Triad on business; decided to spend Sunday doing some caching Triangle style. p Spent too much time at another set of trees before finally broadening my horizons and making this find.  It was pretty much out in the open, but I presume its lasted this long because the only folks whod venture into these particular woods would be cachers. p Left Soccer TB, TNSL.  Thanks! br  Dave R., Biloxi, MS
  -  Found the cache.  Good hiding spot!  Cache find number two ever for the wife and I.  Took a harmonica.  Left a bottle cap good for a free Mountain Dew.
  -  Found it without trouble. Our second Bond Park cache of the day that was supposed to have a travel bug, but we missed them both! Oh well, thanks for the fun. TNLN.
  -   A HREF http //www.floriopics.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br  Came at lunch.  Found it no problem.  Very easy cache.  p I was going to do Cache as cats can, but I decided to go the wrong way down the trail.  Ran out of time , so I just headed back.  Ill have to do Cache as Cats Can later. p  Thanks for the hunt! p CFlorio  p  last edit  7/22/2003 10 12 19 AM PST 
  -  Came by to snag Mavs Tigger TB.  This was my last day of vacation before heading back home to Salt Lake City.  I look forward to some mosquito free geocaching again soon. p  last edit  7/23/2003 7 44 43 AM PST 
  -  Left off Mavs Tigger travel bug that we brot from Ashland, OR, by way of Crater Lake Natl Monument. 
  -  I stumbled over this one a few times before finding it. Someone camoflauged it well. I guess I thought it too obvious a spot. Thanks for the hunt. Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  Second of three today.  Nice easy hike.  Thanks for the hunt.  Left chopsticks   took pink/white car.
  -  This was our 4th find of 6 for the day.  Our first of 3 in Bond Park.  We followed our daughter, 10 and our niece, 12 around the park until they found the spot.  The cache was in plain sight with a tuff of leaves on its top.  We took a super ball and left jewel tattoos. We tried to cover it a little better.  This was a nice find in a nice area.  We enjoyed a picnic under a shelter.  I havent been to Bond Park in 9 years.  Boy has it grown.  Thanks for the hide.   
  -  Took little sis Katie out geocaching for the first time. Good find. Left superball; took nothing. Tried to rehide this one a bit better with leaves.  Thanks!
  -  Here visiting my parents from Asheville. Barely got to this cache before dark and closed gates. I guess everyone else was out looking at fireworks. Found the cache with no problem, TNLN. Thanks!
  -  Found with GodzillaJr. Took nothing, left nothing. br There is a little moisture inside the container. Not suprising br considering the amount of rain we have had this year.
  -  Found my very first cache. br Left a toy truck and took a cool Kellog race car
  -   A HREF http //www.carolinaredclay.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br David without Diana while shes studying over at SAS TNLN. Its raining so I must be quick. br 
  -  Fun!  Mrs. Eagle & I love Bond Park.  Found this one easily   it was our first regular cache.  When we lived at Cornerstone apartments, we used to walk the k9 units at Bond all the time.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   We just started caching so we didnt have any goodies to trade... we didnt take any either.  We just enjoyed looking through the goodies others had left.
  -  Spent the afternoon exploring Carey area parks and found this one during our travels.   Easy find. p Seems like a nice park    and well have to return some time to rent a boat.  Pleasant walk along the top of the dam.  Watched some young skate boarders doing some really impressive things in the parking lot. p TNLN
  -  Yea, a traditional cache. Ive spent the whole day looking for micros and I needed something that I could actually see and find, it has not been a good day of finding caches, the overcast sky hasnt helped. Left a happy couple and a few memories, I use to work at the ropes course here. Thanks for the hunt, Dogman98
  -  Came to pick up Dogmans Mail My Mom TB. Left a couple of Cape Hatteras postcards and an Alethiometrists bag tag. Amelia found the cache. p  last edit  5/19/2003 6 22 57 AM PST 
  -  A quick find.  Cache is in good shape.  Sent a postcard to Dogmans mom today.  Took a seashell and left a semi truck. p Thanks, br Dan and Adam
  -  We parked at the community bldg and ate lunch in the van.  Then we hiked the trail straight to the partially uncovered cache.  We took an audio tape, leaving a harmonica and a keyring.  We left Mail My Mom TB too.  Cache is in excellent condition and covered well now.
  -  Good cache ... I enjoyed finding it.  This cache is a short walk from my house so I got in my daily stroll as well as had a great time finding the cache.  Took nothing, left nothing.  The cache needs a new pen or pencil for the log book ... I have to return to the site to finish logging in.  Drafting rules!
  -   A HREF http //www.ibiblio.org/sallad/gallery/geocache target _blank Users web page /A  br Thanks for the cache.  I found it while I was out testing my new camera.
  -  Catching up my logs that I found with papaw.  br Thanks for the fun. br JO_JO
  -   A HREF http //bellsouthpwp.net/r/l/rldill/index.html target _blank Users web page /A  br Found cache in good shape with 6 y/o grandson. Took  nothing,left  a cito necklace & a sig. button made for me by honeychile,   a href http //bumblebuttons.com target _blank visit link /a     br Thanks for the hunt. br rldill & JOJO p  br  last edit  5/9/2003 6 30 21 PM PST 
  -  There are several large fallen trees in the area, but this is not too hard to find...
  -  Found at dusk and had no problem finding it.
  -  Found it right at dusk. Cant remember what/if I took/left. Thanks!
  -  3rd of the day on a couple of short hikes after work. 
  -  This was my sons first cache and he cannot stop talking about it.  p We found it on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  A day that was meant to be experienced outside.
  -  Another great cache at this park. p Walking in we spotted some of the potential hiding spots.  Due to it being a super day out there were lots of people at the park.  We walked around and came at it from the long side so we wouldnt be spotted.  I think that may have made it a little easier to spot from a distance. p TN/LN p LifeTap  &  Wife
  -  Second find of the day. My son really likes this hunting for caches. br Thanks. br Out   key chain. br In   Race car.
  -  Neat area, found this one after the Good Googalooga cache. thanks for the hunt. img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br In  race car br Out  Key chain
  -   STRONG N 35° 46.951 W 078° 49.663 /STRONG  br Left a seashell.  Took the Shark.   It seemed like a fair trade.    p  last edit  3/28/2003 7 12 20 AM PST 
  -  Great day to be out caching.  Nice hiding spot, and great job of cammo on the container.  Took nothing, left a pin.  Thanks for the hunt. p NCTreker
  -  great hunt 1 of 3 for the day.  had a great time.  But i must admitt the dog  snoopy  found all 3.  Thansks again.
  -  Third and final cache of the day.  Great location, fun find!  My GPS took me within 2 feet! This game is addictive!     The Cache is in good condition, and was well covered.  I took a buffaloe lanes token, and left a keychain, a mini pack of crayons, and a mini coloring book.  Thanks for the cache, and for the nice walk along the trail!
  -  Found this one with little problem. Everything was in good condition. p My young son left a blue Iceman matchbox car and took the blister pack of roller stamp cars. p Thanks, p bdaniel
  -  Pretty easy find with all the info in the description. Cache is in good shape. Took a yellow nylon sack, left some Hot Wheels Rolller Stampers.
  -   A HREF http //wolfhusky.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br This was our first visit to Bond Park. Wow, what a lovely oasis in the middle of Cary! We need to remember to look on both sides of the roots   once we thought to do that, the cache was easy to find. Took Buffaloe Lanes game token  woo, half a game of air hockey! , left Paramount Kings Island Days of Thunder Matchbox car.
  -  Nice park, muddy as every where has been the past few days.Took small Mickey Mouse, left a small #5 car.
  -  I do enjoy this park, as does Chessie the geo dog.  Nice spot, good hide.  May have passed other geocachers on the way in.  Took nothing and left a bagtag. p Thanks for the hunt, p Fishingfools p  last edit  2/9/2003 7 27 51 PM PST 
  -  Nice to be back on my old stomping grounds.  Cool park with count em, three caches now.
  -   A HREF http //www.jankout.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br This one was fun to find. I spotted it quick.  It took us about 15 minutes round trip from the car.  It helps if you know where to park. Thanks Hitecore.
  -   br Really great location. Several other caches are in this park. p Thanks for the hunt! p TN/LN p  last edit  2/8/2003 5 02 26 PM PST 
  -  This was a busy cache today!  Brought along a fellow teacher   who also found Good Googalooga.    Left ditty bag, took purple tiger for Ladyginnys cache. Thanks for the hunt 
  -  Risky location but then again arent they all.  Thanks for giving me a reason to use my GPS. p The Abbie Dogs
  -  Easy find.  I like this lake, its a great place to relax in warm weather or walk any time of year. br Nice paint job on the cache.  It was very visible so I covered it a bit better.  I also found a pen lying nearby and put it in the cache.  Maybe this is why there wasnt one in the cache for the last finder.  Took nothing, left nothing.  Thanks for the hunt. 
  -   STRONG N 35° 46.951 W 078° 49.659 /STRONG  br Found the coordinates a little off, but it wasnt a hard find.  No pen in the cache so I left one.  Took the skateboard and left a Brooks and Dunn tape.  Unless someone without a pen got there first, I was the first  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle !  For beginning geocachers this makes 3 fairly easy finds in Bond Park that you could easily do in an hour or so. p  last edit  2/5/2003 11 10 06 AM PST 
GC7076: 
  name: Sarahs Garden Cache by Ger and Sarina
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=abaabe45-6e67-4872-847b-19f0ae433d72&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Like others have said before, I walked around my elbow to get to my you know what before finding this cache.  Hide is holding up remarkably well considering all the traffic it is getting.  SL and replaced as found. 
  -  We sure did walk in circles to find this one. Who cares tho, every turn was prettier than the next!
  -  Very lovely spot, though it took us a while to spiral in to the coordinates.  Wacky reads all day long!
  -  Neat spot, never knew it was there. SL
  -  Had a nice day in the gardens
  -  One more new nook in the gardens that we havent tripped down before.  Thanks.  Dropped three coins near the fountain  for my sister to pick up 
  -  What a beautiful little spot for a cache   and to sit and just be. p My sister and her husband each had one of my GPSes and I let them roam pretty much at will.  Of course with my Little Yellows, you do need a compass, so they learned that part, also. p They found it, logged it and we headed off on a tour of the gardens. p Thanks   if I lived here I would be back often. br 
  -  Put my hand on the cache at 6 01 AM . . . perfect time of day for caching in August. Very nicely done, clean & dry, a quick pick is a good start to a long day! THANKS! br Granpa Alex
  -  I town today and out for a hunt with blazingbunny.  Had a nice hike through the gardens to the cache.  I was still looking around as she was retrieving the micro.  Thanks for the garden tour.
  -  I was at Duke yesterday for some medical stuff and decided to do a little caching today with a fellow cacher. br Beautiful gardens and nice find. Thanks for the hide.
  -  Thanks for setting up this cache.  We are so glad we took a look at this beautiful garden! br The Plunketts
  -  Since the GPS reception was very spotty in here, we had to rely on the hint and we found it!
  -  Great little spot. I loved it.
  -  On the way home from the Burlington cache event,stopped off for a little caching. hot day could have drank the water pot dry. TFTH SL
  -  One of 2 quick finds after the East coast premiere event. Pretty little park!
  -  ....
  -  What a beautiful park!  And all those flowers in bloom and all the ducks and turtles!  Really nice.  I wish we could have spent more time there.
  -  First, thanks for the clear hint.  I usuallu dont like them like that, but without it, wed just be tearing up a great little nook. p We found this real quick on a very busy day for the gardens.  We must have waited 20 minutes for a parking place.
  -  Really nice quick cache.  TFTH  TNLNSL
  -  My GPSr was pointing me in the wrong direction, but I found the cache with the clue.  TFTC and a great stroll through the gardens.
  -  Muggles everywhere.... thankfully they werent in this little spot. Found cache with no problems. SL
  -  Replaced the log this morning. Although there was more room on it it was basically falling apart.
  -  Found this one with the hint.  Thanks for showing me this nice garden.   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  I work at Duke and can get over there this week to swap out the log. p Im rather fond of Sarahs Garden since it was the first cache  I found.
  -  What a tranquil pocket in this beautiful garden.  It’s a great place to take a moment and enjoy life.  My girlfriend and I drove over  in our rented 2005 Mustang  from my brother’s place in Cary.  We are in N.C. for my niece’s first communion.  This was our first find on our day trip to Duke.  SL
  -  Could the next searchers of this cache please bring a replacement log?? I wont be back in Durham until July for my wifes annual visit to the Duke Medical Center.  p Since the cache is 35mm film canister, a few small strips of note book paper is all that is needed. p Thanks and happy hunting!!! p Ger
  -  I never would have found this one without decrypting the clue.  A clever hide.  Log is damp and nearly full.  TFTH!
  -  Nice cache in a beautiful area.  It is even easy to be stealthy in a muggle zone.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  This one was pretty well hidden by the last visitor.  Had to resort to decoding the hint.  The cache is pretty damp but br still servicable.  TFTC
  -  Beautiful garden this time of year  and any time of year .  Took us awhile to find it, but were inexperienced.  Had a great time looking!  TFTC!
  -  Very nice hide, easy to find. Lovely day, lots of people mulling around. TFTC!
  -  Was a large reunion gathering and other special events going on all around Duke properties so navigating and finding parking took some time.  I think the parking situation has changed since this cache was first posted.  Perhaps someone local could post an appropriate parking suggestion and email to cache owner so they can update the cache page with current info and people wouldnt feel as awkward parking in maybe the wrong spots.  Seems everything everywhere near had some sort of permit only or designation code requirement.  Not sure if we found a good spot to park or not, but we found a very empty and unused street side section without any obvious parking signage and managed ok. p Found cache after a little searching, but after reading the hint walked right to it.  Beautiful gardens and peaceful spot. p Team Rovery_d1 br rover r us br huggy_d1
  -  found with huggy_d1 today ..thanks
  -  Getting my fill of gardens caches, before the pollen gets too bad. SL, log was damp
  -  TFTC SL with the gang
  -  Beautiful garden full of muggles on a wonderful Saturday afternoon.  Found along with USMC2052 and JGH Team.  TFTH
  -  Good hide.  Nice peaceful spot, I love this garden especially in the spring.
  -  Beautiful walk in the garden...
  -  Quick & easy grab while walking through the gardens.  Lots of kids out hunting Easter eggs.  TFTC p Morgenes, Lost1 & family  
  -  My second cache ever, found in the wonderful gardens right down the street from me. My wife and I were on our first trip out. This is a wonderful cache location. Thanks!
  -  Took us awhile to find it. But we did. Good find! 
  -  Ive been to this garden dozens of times but I never saw this little spot.  It must have been a very peaceful place for you while your wife was in the hospital.
  -  Loved the spot and the time spent there.  There is nothing like the trickle of water to relax. Team Cole/&erson p  This entry was edited by &erson on Tuesday, March 22, 2005 at 7 36 07 AM. 
  -  Did this one after work on a Monday, and met some other cachers in the process. We liked the hiding place   a very peaceful spot. The Duke Gardens are gorgeous, as always.
  -  Been a while since weve visited the gardens.  Need to come back and spend more time.  Thanks for the hide.
  -  My family and I found it this afternoon. Thanks.
  -  Great park.  It was a easy find and we spent some time admiring the garden.  Ill surely be back this spring.
  -  I cant believe this has been sitting right there for almost an entire year.  I feel like the cache is almost unhidden. p I found this one with Gangstead.
  -  Nice spot in the garden.  Cache paper is starting to get a little water logged.  Unfold gently and carefully.
  -  I am from the Toronto area and was here on business for a few days. Boy, what a fantastic set of gardens you have here at Duke U. I have to make a point of coming back in the summertime, when theres no snow on the ground like there was today! p SL.
  -  An interesting place to visit. Ill have to come back in the spring. Thanks
  -  After an unsuccessful hunt for Hugos Garden Cache, we had a much better time finding this one. This is not really the time of year to visit the Gardens, of course, but the unseasonably warm weather drew lots of folks to the area. Excellent day to be outside, unless youre a GPS   satellites were not cooperating at all, and we had to rely on our wits some. A woman came near walking her cat, and we pretended to be having a romantic couple moment until she went on her way and we could finish up our geocaching business.
  -  Couldnt find it without the clue, though we were close! Log is a bit damp.
  -  Staying at Rolling View Campground in the Falls Lake Recreation Area for the weekend, geocaching was the name of the game, but I got a late start this afternoon. br   br GPSr would not settle down, so it took awhile and I found this one as darkness approached. The log is wet and the lid barely fits because there are two log sheet in the container img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle . 52° and losing light fast, but hey... br YBindoors img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Got it today with the help of eagle eyed 7 year old assistant!
  -  Found this one early in the morning.  The gardens were deserted and peaceful.  Thanks.
  -  Wow, what a beautiful garden! All sorts of eye candy here! Great hide! TFTF!  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Very lovely park!  The students have it good here.
  -  Great place to explore, thanks for bringing me here! Log damp, torn, and full. SL  
  -  macdonr and I found the cache with mrs. macdonr. It was a beautiful day in the gardens   my second time here!
  -  Nice quick find in a beautiful park   Ive been here several times before over the past thirty odd years. TNLNSL.
  -  Caching with Sleepin Scooby on this one and she spotted the cache first.  Left our signatures and a green snake and took the mexican coin.  Thanks for the hide.
  -  Found with lovelace.  Now I have an account of my own!
  -  Found this one before a late lunch.   This is a nice part of the gardens Id never been to before.  Thanks for showing them to me.
  -  What a beautiful garden.  We were especially impressed with the Asiatic garden.  We bought the DVD in the gift shop to remember it by.  Thanks very much
  -  Had some time to kill between singing in two baccalaureate services, so I grabbed a friend and wandered over to the gardens to look for the cache.  Found it gaurded by a garrulous muggle.  Listened for a while; finally had to confess what we were doing to get the cache.  Took coin, left pin, SL.
  -   br Do not show up very early  before 8 00  or you will find the gates locked. Coords were all over the place. Fortunately I had looked at the picture before I left home so I was able to find this one without the GPSr. Good spot. br 
  -  Found with OSWO
  -  Nice spot that Ive enjoyed prior to being a geocacher, so it was great fun to return with a new purpose.  The wife and I were the third to sign this one today!  Not surprising, since the weather and gardens were beautiful.  Thanks for a nice cache!  TNLNSL
  -  Yes, it was a beautiful day.  This is our second find and were still excited.  We left the $ alone and signed the log. We were going to attempt the nearby confluence but decided to walk over and admire the Duke Chapel which is only a few blocks away.   p By the way, the centralized honor system parking meter is a joke.  It ate our 50 cents and never produced a ticket. 
  -  Fun find, beautiful garden. There was a very big spider guarding this one. Took Euro coin, left gold Sacagewea dollar.
  -  Great spot! I pretty much had to stumble across it. Left a 0.10 euro coin.
  -  Enjoyed both hunts. Brought back a lot of memories  Im Duke 94 . Thanks!
  -  What a beautiful place! My kids and I spent about 2 hours here looking at everything and doing a little caching.  Ran into some other cachers, who were also here for the Reunion. Thanks!
  -  Nice Easter Sunday.  Lots of spring flowers blooming and lots of folks around.  Nice hide!  SL
  -  First of two in Duke Gardens. Wonderful area. Will be even nicer in the Spring/Summer when flowers are abloom. Logged Gepetto in and out. Nice hide. Thanks.
  -  Great cache in a great location.  The gardens were busy today!
  -  Went back for a quick visit today.  Replaced the original log at request of Ger and Sarina. New one should last a while...
  -  We found this one after listening to Duke lose to Maryland in the ACC finals.  Thanks for a great cache.  Beautiful day in the beautiful park where we were married!  
  -  This is such a nice place to come and enjoy lunch.  SL
  -  TNSL. The original paper is old and very fragile.  There seemed to be some interesting notes written but I didnt unfold it b/c I was afraid of tearing it apart.  Signed the new log though.  Nice cache in a tucked away spot.
  -  Lemur, visiting from Vermont, found the cache with little difficulty.  Definitely needs a new log sheet.   p Lemur and Otter  Otter is the other half of the furrs geocaching team  got married in the Sarah P. Duke Gardens back in 1997, but have since moved to Vermont.  It was nice to visit, even if just for a short while.
  -  6 25pm  Second cache of the evening, just finished Hugos Garden while visiting the campus.I am here in Durham on a business trip from Minnesota. Must confess had to use the hint. Thanks for the cache, John C.
  -  I have spent a lot of time in this garden, but this is the first time I have been geocaching here. p The cache is intact but the original log is a bit damp. p Thanks for the hide!
  -  What a wonderful garden park!  We hadnt looked at the picture and we were off on a tangent for a while.  Once we read the hint and zoned in on the vicinity, the finding was easy.  The log paper really does need to be replaced!  Thanks for the hunt!
  -  This was our second find while in Durham visiting a relative in the Hospital. We loved the location of the cache. We otherwise probally would not have even seen the garden!  D Thanks for a great cache!
  -  Found this cache on a cold Wednesday.
  -  A little muddy getting to this one today. Used the hint to avoid too much rooting around, and turned out to be looking right at it. The log is swollen and full, but another piece of paper has been added. It is getting difficult to fit everything back in the container, nice spot though. Thanks for the cache. TNLN/SL
  -  Fun find on a nice day in NC!  Clue was key to this find. p  This entry was edited by ncx on Thursday, January 01, 2004 at 7 01 58 PM. 
  -  Found this one with ease after using the hint.  Too many hiding spaces in the area and tree cover makes for poor GPS reception to attempt without a little help. p Thanks for the hide!
  -  Oh my, we dug around quite a few plants looking for this one.  Turned out we were at the wrong waterpot.  Who woulda thunk!!  Dont worry, plants werent damaged and we put everything back the way it was.  Didnt sign the log for lack of pen, but took the feather and left Sacagawea. p NC_WaterSpirit & The Duke Boys
  -  Met another VietNam Vet on the way to this one. Turned br him on to Geocaching. Coords good. SL Thanks, br Snapmower
  -  Red wolf Team    1 24 03    br This was our second try for this one as we didnt br find it on Friday. It was found on saturday so we  br gave it another try and found it this time. I guess br we didnt dig far enough. Signed the log. Thanks for br the hunt and the fun.
  -  We were in town for the Carolina/Duke football game which is an annual tradition. We came with my brother  a Duke alum  and my brother in law  a Durham resident  and his wife. My best friend was married in these gardens and I can remember coming to Easter services here when I was at Carolina and my brother at Duke. Such great memories! So, to the cache! We found the area easily and with the hint we were able to find the cache with a little digging. It is there, but it was under a lot of brush. Some of the log pages are damp, but the last logger put a new sliver of paper that is dry and in good shape. We signed the log and went off to the game in Chapel Hill. Duke won after having lost the last 14 years. I guess it was their time and it was a good game. Thanks for reminding us of our college years and thanks for a good cache!
  -  Hopefully everyone is not tearing down the plants looking for this one. With the relatively light activity for this cache, I doubt this is the case. Maybe the park staff is doing routine maintenance. There is no need whatsoever to tear down the plants to look for this cache. If indeed this is the case, its time to inactivate this cache. I am unable to check on this cache at this time. If someone in the area can check it for me, great. If not, Ill inactivate soon. p Thanks! p Ger
  -  Red Wolf Team  11 20 03   11 30 am br Did not find this one. Looked for a good while and br I think its gone. People are tearing down the br plants looking for this one. If someone else finds it I will go back and look again.
  -  Nov.1st.  br Beautiful day to take the family out for a treasure hunt. br The gardens are looking great! Took us a little while but we did find it.The Log book could stand refreshing. p Jay H.
  -  Visiting nephew from Cincinnati.  Beautiful gardens.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  Decided to go caching in the gardens rather than attend the ill fated Duke Homecoming game. This was more fun. Brought sidekick Krusty Ease and his lovely geocaching novice wife and daughter. The hint sure helped. Log still damp. Thanks for bringing us to this cool spot. 
  -  Found with streamgirl, Jennifer, Holden, and Gracie  see streamgirls log below . p  MarkRebuck,   a href http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank visit link /a   
  -  Great spot!  The GPS was bouncing around, but the clue made it an easy find.  The log sheet is still damp.  I live nearby and can replace it if youd like   just shoot me an email.  Thanks for the find!!! p    The Brown Dog Posse  streamgirl, MarkRebuck, Jennifer, and canines Holden and Gracie 
  -  Had to decrypt the hint for this one  turns out I had looked in the right spot, but not hard enough! Was afraid maybe Isabelle had displaced the cache, but instead she just caused the log to be rather damp. Was able to find a small dry spot to sign, but suggest maybe replacing the log sheet at this point. Looks like its also getting mildewy. Thanks for the hunt! br   redpixie and Conan the geodog
  -  Our first find! Found it with rice006, husband and kids. My 4yr old son actually found it with a little eagle eyed help from his dad. Our 2yr old daughter loved the dripping fountain, she could care less about the cache.
  -  First cache.  Enjoyed a cool, quiet afternoon in the Gardens with oldest son, his wife and 2 grandchildren...ages 4 and 2.  Lovely spot.  The log sheets are quite damp and should be replaced or dried out.  Took Euro and left tip of wild turkey feather.
  -  Found this, and I dont even have a GPS device!  The picture was very helpful.  Took a euro coin, left a Canadian quarter.
  -   A HREF http //www.carolinaredclay.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Second cache of the day. Took a coin. Left a coin. We usually find micros frustrating but this one was easy to locate and in a very nice place. br 
  -  Hi, I enjoyed the beautiful view of the park and the whole University Campus. Without you I couldnt have the chance to see all of this! br Thank you. br Zoltan   br from Hungary p  last edit  8/2/2003 5 59 38 PM PST  p  last edit  8/2/2003 6 00 25 PM PST  p  last edit  8/2/2003 6 01 09 PM PST 
  -  The Gardens are beautiful.  We didnt have a pen to sign the log, but enjoyed the find.  There were so many catfish in the duck pond!
  -  Catching up my logs that I found with papaw.  br Thanks for the fun. br JO_JO
  -  Found cache in good shape with 6 y/o grandson. Failed to have anything to write with, so I chared a stick with a lighter, then used it to sign the log book. p Thanks br rldill & JO_JO
  -  We found this cache while visiting our son who is a student at Duke medical school.  My wife has a degree in horticulture so we HAD to tour the whole place!  We would still be looking if not for the great hint img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle .  Great fun, a nice walk and beautiful gardens. br Yupbilly,  Pulaski, VA
  -  Always nice to visit these beautiful gardens. Brought back fond memories of college days. The North Carolina humidity makes us appreciate the slightly drier air back home in Austin, Texas. 
  -  Found the cache today, right around lunch time.  It rained here last night. Very humid outside, looks like it is going to rain tonight as well.  Contents of cache intact and in good condition, although the log looks like it is about worn out from so many foldings and unfoldings.  This is my first cache I have ever found as I just acquired my GPS Receiver a couple of days ago.  Had a nice time finding it.  Thanks for the trip. br Chris
  -   A HREF http //operationorange.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br What a fantastic place for a cache!  Weve been meaning to visit this place for a long time, and finally had the chance to.  Signed the log. Thanks for a great cache!  p OperationOrange br Richard, Beth, Rommel br 
  -  The coordinates were dead on! Walked around a bit to get our gps to settle down, but br had no trouble with this one. There is always something differtent to see in this lovely garden. The better half  was feeling a bit under the weather so we didnt linger, but well go back. Thanks.
  -  Wonderful hide.  Got to the right area but had to go back to the truck to read the clue.  Lots of people around on this beautiful day.
  -  I am here visiting from IL. When I first turned my gps on, it had some adjusting to do! It said I was 661 miles from the cache before it registered for the new location I am in. This is a lovely garden, Ive been here many times before I found geocaching. Had the grandmas along with me today. Thanks, enjoyed reminiscing.
  -  Found this one as it was getting dark.  Got there so late the parking meters werent even accepting change any more.   Luckily, I found the cache fairly quickly.  This is really a beautiful place. p NCTreker
  -  Signed in offically this time, forgot a writing implement the first time around.   Took a new cacher, Dr. Phil Beautiful day with two weddings going on.
  -  Went caching on my lunch hour today.  Have spent numerous hours in the gardens, but never at this particular spot.  Log is in decent shape, a little damp, but still able to write on.  The wet spring has made the tree cover pretty dense, could not get a reading right at the cache, so I had to look at a hint... oh well, great day to be outside. Thanks! TwoKats
  -  I hadnt been to the Gardens in a couple of years. Im glad the cache brought me back, especially on such a beautiful day. This was my first attempt at geocaching and I may be hooked.
  -  Thank you for this cache.  I visited it on Sunday  May 4, 03  and thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The location is a wonderful place to sit and reflect on the beautiful things around us.  And ... since I am in the process of designing a garden in an Asian theme, the surroundings were inspirational.
  -  Small but interesting find. p Took nickel and left a Peso to fit with the foreign money theme.
  -  A lot of people were present for a plant sale.  We saw a van from our former church in Lumberton.  We found the cache easily and signed the log.  We bought hot dogs from a vendor at the plant sale.
  -  Found this w/ Jiri and family while visiting him in Durham.  Been to the gardens a few times before with Jiri, not knowing this cache was here.  Took nothing, left a Singapore Bill.
  -  Found this one sans the rest of the Krew.  Visited the gardens on Easter and found the grounds awe inspiring.  No writing stick to note my visit in the log but wanted to compliment the cacher on the location.  Congrats on the prognosis.
  -  Nice spot.  We go to the gardens often but hadnt seen this little spot.  Nice
  -  Enjoyable walk through the Sarah Duke Gardens.  We experienced our first unassisted cashe find.  The coordinates were perfect, on our GPS we were within 3 feet, and had little trouble finding the cache.  We had previously questioned the GPS as we were unable to locate Bookcache after two different attempts. We forgot a pen or pencil to enter our find, but hope to return later in the week.  The garden was extremely busy and with Easter being this weekend parking will be very limited.  Great fun.
  -  Found it.   p I went with HelixBlue to the Duke Gardens at Lunch time.  Found this one and then took some photos of flowers. p Very nice afternoon to go geocaching!  Im glad that spring time has arrived! p Chris
  -  What a beautiful day in the gardens!  I have been here several times and never saw this particular spot, so thank you for showing us a new, peaceful place to sit and relax.  The only trick is to log in without drawing attention to oneself....
  -   A HREF http //toadstool.sh/ target _blank Users web page /A  br I went with Sallad to this cache. It was the first time Id been to the garden, and I had a great time finding it. If it wasnt for the hints, I would not have found it within my lunch period    
  -   A HREF http //www.ibiblio.org/sallad/gallery/geocache target _blank Users web page /A  br Helixblue and I found this during our lunchbreak.  I walked over from my office at Duke and he met me in the parking lot.  We had fun, but were rushed due to 1 hour lunchbreaks, so we will definately come back over to visit the garden at another time. p Be sure to check out the rest of the Duke Garden cache photos at my website. p  br  last edit  4/4/2003 12 44 56 PM PST 
  -  Shawnct  p If you could replace the log, I would greatly appreciate it. I will not be up in the Durham area again until July. p If youll email me, Ill give you an address to forward the old log to. p Thanks! p Ger
  -  w/ Shawnct
  -  Good find, cache contents are full, wet, and odored. I can mail log or email transcript of log to placer, and refresh cache if placer of the cache is unable; and if it is alright.  p  last edit  3/23/2003 7 04 20 PM PST 
  -  First One!  Lots of Fun! p Note   Film canister does not appear to be watertight, log paper was wet.  Also, running out of space on the log.
  -   A HREF http //www.justmike.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Wow.  Truly was a beautiful day to be in the gardens.  Although not very colorful in the winter, this was still a very peaceful spot to visit. p The log was wet, and I had only brought a pencil so was unable to sign it.  I laid it out to dry out a bit, but suggest the keeper retreive the log and replace it with dry paper.  I did leave a mini BadtzMaru eraser to prove my visit.     p   Badtz
  -  Found it pretty easily; coordinates were right on. Saw ducks, a blue heron, and a redtail hawk. Listened to the water and the cathedral bells. br Thanks for the peaceful moment in this spot.  br PS Log pages are almost full.
  -  Duke Gardens has to be one of the truly lovely places to visit in North Carolina! Have been here many times, as had most cachers who left notes. My faithful yellow Etrex couldnt seem to hone in as at other sites. Went around in circles for a while! Found the cache only after checking the cheat. The hiding spot certainly is unique    good job! Hopefully the gardening staff will not find it by accident! Two sheets of notepaper in one tiny 35 mm film container    neat. It was so cold that only pansies were in bloom, but come anyway. Thanks from me and alpacafarmer, who was with me before heading back home to snowy West Va. tomorrow. p  last edit  12/29/2002 2 18 42 PM PST 
  -  Merry X Mas from The Alethiometrists! This was our first find with our new E Trex Venture  with thanks to our Santa, Jens dad . It got us to the right general vicinity, under tree cover, then Jen decrypted the clue to get us to the exact location. TNLN.
  -  Nice easy find.  Very nice area.  I plan to return in the spring, it must be beautiful then.  Of course I forgot a pencil and didnt feel like walking back and forth again, so I tore off the coordinates from the geocaching printoff as evidence of my visit.  There is still room on the papers for more logs.  Thanks.  
  -  Thanks for showing me this place.  The gardens were worth the trip.  Found cache and took photos a several travel bugs enjoying the area.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Very nice... though Im a die hard Tarheel, I must admit that Duke Gardens makes the UNC botanical gardens look like East LA. p The GPS got us within 20 feet, but still on a different path... took us a while to locate the spot. Great hide, and Im so happy that Sarah won her battle!
  -  First find of the day and a great place to start the morning.  Found the cache without too much trouble.  Thanks for a cache in such a beautiful place!
  -  This was our second find of the day  second find ever, for that matter .  The asiatic garden was very pretty.  We found several water pots     br We also saw a rabbit  runnig away from us, so all we really saw was his tail and back feet  when we came off of the zig zagging bridge. p Wendy,Gordon
  -  Even though I am a diehard State Fan, I have to admit this was a pretty place.  Signed the log.   p GO WOLFPACK!!!! p The Abbie Dogs
  -  Found it with a little difficulty.  GPS took us to the waterfall.  We were about to give up when I spotted the area it was in. p  My 2 year old almost lost the Canadian quarter  br 
  -   A HREF http //www.jankout.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Found this one without too much trouble. The coordinates were dead on and I looked in the most obvious place. Very cool! We left a Canadian quarter.
  -  cool site.  I will have to come back and walk around a bit more.
  -  I think we over pay the parking lot it took us about 15 minutes in and out and we pay 75 cents. Tks. 4 the fun
  -  Our first cache! It was pretty well hidden, but not too hard. The canister doesnt seal exceptionally well, so the contents are a little damp. Thanks for getting us out to the gardens ... hadnt been out there in a while.
  -  Was actually here interveiwing for a job and went to find it after the interview.  Had been on campus before  OK just the football stadium  but this is a very beautiful location.  Cache was closed tight but the log was a tad wet. Dried everything out and closed it up tight.  br Thanks for the hunt!
  -  very enjoyable cache.  found without much trouble, spent next hour wandering gardens.  glad to hear all is well with your family.  thanks for the hunt p Fishingfools br 
  -  Found this one easily after a short walk in the gardens.  Beautiful day, lovely gardens despite the water shortage.  The Asian garden is looking especially nice.   br Great outing; thanks for the hunt! br 
  -  No trouble finding this one after the short walk from the parking lot. Neat idea to hide this cache in such a public place.  p Park in the Sarah P. Duke Gardens lot on Anderson St. p  last edit  8/8/2002 10 34 56 PM PST 
  -  Found this one very easily. We often come to the gardens but we had not found this spot before, kind of hidden away! Thanks.
  -  In a neat little nook Id overlooked in previous visits to the gardens. It would be a very relaxing place if it werent for the incessant hum coming from the hospital! Visited this one with joyride, who found the goods. My Meridian got us within 2 feet, even with all the tree cover  at least after Id put the correct coords in   a keying error had us in the native plants area a tenth of a mile away initially! . We forgot the pencil, so we signed the log with a pointed stick! Thanks for the pretty walk, and best wishes to your wife/mom   glad to hear shes doing well!
  -   My first first! It was a muggy morning. Had a little trouble finding it.  Looked in a nearby bush. It was pretty deep down in there. The surroundings were very pretty. Stopped to feed the fish, ducks and turtles. Had fun! Thanks!  p  last edit  7/14/2002 2 31 29 PM PST  p  last edit  7/14/2002 2 37 15 PM PST  p  last edit  7/14/2002 2 38 18 PM PST 
GC242: 
  name: Good Googalooga! by Googalooga
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=2c04dd87-86a2-48d7-9aa6-0236c0cf021f&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  I might have caused some confusion if I happened to leave the snake geobutton that refers to being cold blooded. It can be used as a First To Find button, but I might have been thinking it fit the area.  If you are warm blooded and not ruthless as implied, then it is appropriate for you to take it.  Again, sorry for the confusion.  spider99
  -  Its always nice to go for a hunt in Bond Park.  You can even forget you are in the middle of Cary!  GPS brought me right to the spot, but not before I had to ask a black snake to move off the path.  I about stepped on him, too busy looking for the cache!  Signed log, forgot to leave poem, took nothing.  Found FTF button with the log book, but didnt seem right to take it.  Should I have?
  -  Found between ball games. Didnt have anything with me to trade so TNLNSL. Loved the park.
  -  #5 of the day for our Cary Caching Marathon... p Took Nazar TB   left $1 p SL   TFTH
  -  Found with friends while recovering from a Wolfpack loss.
  -  Found this cache with some friends on a geocaching adventure to Bond Park for the first time.
  -  Spiders everywhere!!!  Felt like we were on survivor!  Here with some newbies, Geodog and Geocat.  Took a spider pencil, left a geobutton.  Trade items were pretty picked over, but it was still fun to find it exactly as described.  TFTC!  spider99
  -  Great find! Not real hard for the beginners.
  -  Nice Monday morning find.  No muggles anywhere nearby.  TNLNSL
  -  A nice find while walking throught the park today.  TFTH, TNLN.
  -  Spent alot of time looking in a similar but wrong caching  br location. I was on my way out and found the right caching location. Took a riddle book and left a stuffed snake. TFTH. br 
  -  It is always fun to find caches that have been around for a while. We were visiting the area from Southern California. On advice from a local cacher, we took a walk around this lake. p At first we thought we might have to cross a stream. Good thing we didnt have to. p The cache is in great shape. p Thanks, p Team Geo Jedi
  -  Nice park. Thanks for the adventure!
  -  Found w/ Reward.  Didnt see TB.
  -  TNLN. Thanks for the hide.   
  -  Team Frogzilla strikes again! Took a few minutes, but eventually we spotted it. Good hide! Took nothing, left the Yoda Pez dispenser. TFTF.
  -  Out with USMC2052 today and located this cache. Took D ring left Sugar Bear. TFTHSL.
  -  found it with jghteam. t  duck and game. l  two key chain.  br thank you. seen no tb in there.
  -  Found this one pretty quickly.  I looked at the posted cheater photos but I didnt recognize any of that.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   TNLNSL and TFTH!
  -  Nice hide.  1100101 and i were out for a day in Bond Park.  From this cache we went on to feed the ducks, play on the playground, ride a boat, and look for another cache.  This is a great location.  Took a few moments to enjoy the cool spring air and lush vegetation.  Nearby creek was relaxing too.  1100101 took a little rubbery porcupine guy and a truck and we left a mini videogame and some Christmas mice.  I put a new bag around the log since the big one has a hole right near the zipper.
  -  First cache for us! My wife, two daughters  ages 1 and 4 , and I went out for this one. We found it to be just right for a first cache. Its nice and secluded now that the foliage has filled in. Despite being relatively close to a trail and having a major town of Cary function going on in the park, we didnt have to worry about the public. p We tried two ways to access the cache location. The first, which seems like it should be the main route, is starting to get choked off by briars. It was too grown over to get through without blood being drawn. We turned around and tried a second, which was a slightly discernable social trail. That route ended in success.  D p We took a small plastic snake and an eraser, and left a mechanical duck.
  -  Second of two today with the whole crew and Otterdude. p Left snake, took mini videogame thing. p Thank you!!
  -  What a surprisingly nice day it was for this trip.  Had no idea that all that extra area was down there in the park.  We normally just go canoeing!  Ended up spending the day there enjoying the weather.  Great hide!
  -  Wow, talk about feeling in the middle of nowhere!  What a great hide!  After wandering around for a while we broke down and decrypted the clue figuring wed be there forever! p TNLN. p Thanks!
  -  2nd of 3 today with Handy Find   I picked up travel bug Snoopy to take to a new home!
  -  Found with Feather today, glad to finally do the Bond Park Caches!
  -  A great day for a walk in the woods! TFTH!
  -  Second find of day with friend KD.  Several kids playing in water nearby made it tricky to be discreet.  Nice spot though.  Great for sitting and reflecting.  Took a few minutes to empty the container and clean it out    leaves and such.  Very sparse on the tradeables. TN.  Left kooshie, mini biners, and kazoo.  TFTH
  -  We found this one 1st of the three caches we searched for today. We certainly enjoyed the privacy of this one. We enjoyed having time to sit and read the log entries from way back. We took a little tiny circuit board, and a Gill doll  from Nemo . We left a flower eraser, and a little plastic dump truck. Very pretty spot! TFTH
  -  It was a chilly overcast day, but a nice one for geocaching in the woods. Thanks for the hide!
  -  NICE walk in here today.  We were passed by one jogger and stopped to have a nice talk with a woman out birding... shed located a warbler of some kind  yellow spot on its back  so we stopped to marvel over this with her...  thankfully, it was painless.  Birder, I am not. p Can found easily enough.... but boy, this baby needs an overhaul.  Someone, make a run to the dollar store, stat!   And take a trash bag with you to get rid of all the crap in the can when you swap it out!  p Fun to see just how long its been out and that the log book  put in 6 months after the cache was planted  is still going strong.
  -  Got off the trail from the community center a little early and stmped through some extra bits of ground cover.  Found pretty quickly, and it looked like we were the 2nd visitor fo the day.  Saw a snake and a rabbit.  Thanks!
  -  No problems finding this one. Nice location. Thanks. TNLN
  -  Found this after a nice walk inteh woods with the whole family.  This was my 2 year olds first find.  She took a South Dakota pencil and left a dinosaur pen.  The park was packed and we hit CoCarys Bond Park Cache earlier, then spent some time at the playground.
  -  Quick dash after work today. Nice hide! Took pink pencil and a page from the log book, and put them in CamoCan Cache, since it needed it! Left a Slim Jim. Signed log. TFTH
  -  Found this easily enough during a nice hike at Bond Park.  Lots of folks were out taking advantage of a mild winter day.  A took an eraser and left a glow stick.  Thanks!
  -  Found this one after the nearby CamoCan Cache.  Walked up to the general location for this one, tied Conan  my canine caching companion for the day  to a tree, and spotted the cache instantly.  TNLNSL  as always     . p  MarkRebuck,   a href http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank visit link /a   
  -  It has been a long time since I went casheing!! Thanks for the good times. I brought a few Mormons along with me for there frist time. Had a blast! Left some stuff signed the log. p sishihara
  -  Had grandkids with us and they found the cache..  they are hooked.  had fun with this one. left pink carabiner p  This entry was edited by Billwolf1 on Tuesday, February 08, 2005 at 10 21 06 AM. 
  -  First outing to find a cache had a great time looking
  -  Left a rubber snake and took the Wheres George bill. We guessed wrong initially and ended up on the wrong side of the creek before correcting our mistake and finding the cache.  Thanks for the hide.
  -  This would have been a great walk if it the weather had been better.  We will probably all be sick from searching in the ice and rain.  Had a blast though.  Neat tree!
  -  Nicely done.  The oldest cache I have seen.  GC242   The 242nd cache listed?  Cool
  -  No travel bug. Enjoyed the walk.
  -  Our GPS ran out of juice as we neared but we were close enough to find it. We enjoyed the walk on the crisp day! TFTH!
  -  5th of 6 finds at Bond Park, including some letterboxes. Most of the hike was in the drizzle, but nothing unbearable. Between the orienteering map and the spoiler photo, this was an easy find right before sunset. TFTC.
  -  Nice walk in the park today. Muggles were plentiful. Dropped off the Grandma Kipp travel bug. Took a whoopie cushion and left an M&M puzzle, signed log. TFTC
  -   Took the long way,  and had to cross the stream.  But found in about 15 min. or so.  We took the pence and left an Austrailian dollar. 1st of our 2 finds today. Good job on the local. Nice find!   
  -  Since we were already nearby, we decided to try this one as well.  Excellent cache and it was clear this one had been around a while.  We spent quite a while looking through the log book.  Signed the book, left the Whoopie Cushion and took the T.P.
  -  We started GeoCaching today and found this site after visiting CoCarys Bond Park Cache. This one took us a little longer to find. Our GPS gave us conflicting directions after we got within a hundred yards and we were a little careless. We did find it at last   and discovered a wet paper booklet for kids among the cache. We didnt take it out though as we hand nothing to put back. I guess these things all need to be in plastic bags. p Thanks for the hunt and the new hobby.
  -  This was a great find.  We found a lizard guarding the cache.  Walked across a log to find it.  This was the hard way; there are easier ways.  The travel bug is enroute to FL.
  -  We took some friends who are new to this with us and had a fantastic time.  Didnt have any trouble once we got into the area, but there were some obsticles in the way  we will say no more . p Great hide, and great stuff.  Thank you for the hide.
  -  Found this cache this afternoon.  Took a Soccergirl figure, left a Y50 coin.  Left the Mt. Kili Travel Bug #448595 in the cache.  Didnt see the other travel bug, but my daughter was so excited with the soccer figurine that was just about all she noticed. p Jerome, Rache, Chuck.
  -  My grandsons first find. This was a great one to introduce him to the adventure.  Im here from California for Christmas and plan on finding more! br Took blue smiley face button, left blue hotwheels car.
  -  Hi my name is James. I am Papa Johns grandson. This was my second time geocaching. It took about 10 minutes to find the cache. I took a key chain and put a golf ball candle in its place. 
  -  We like Bond Park caches a lot.  Traveled through a lot of brush, luckily it wasnt the middle of summer.  Thanks  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Enjoyed this one with a chuckle after going around stream 3 times!  Thanks for the hide.
  -  Found with two grandchildren, first time geocaching  for them .  Everything in box was very damp. TNLN, but introduced two more children to the game.  TFTH
  -  Found it pretty quickly once I figured out which side of the stream I needed to be on. Assumptions led me astray twice! TNLNSL  Thanks!
  -  This was a great cache for our second find of the day.  Did not use the cheat but almost needed it.  Momma found it for the team. 
  -  Found within a few minutes. It was a nice fall morning after a night of rain   things didnt look too damp in the cache. Thanks for the hunt.  br Took  A small pin. Left  A flexible soccerball headed toy.
  -  Found this one very quickly.  Walked right to it.  Took a plastic fightfighter badge left a Spongebob Squarepants Yo yo  yes, its square .  Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Found while on vacation from South Dakota.  Met up with MrPandhisgirls and had a nice visit and exchanged words of wisdom on caching.  Enjoyed the caching in North Carolina. Took race car and left South Dakota pencil.  Thanks for the great North Carolina caches.  Hope to get back and check out some more.
  -  Found right after meeting up with Mr.Clean from South Dakota.  Enjoyed the visit and the cache.
  -  Third find in this park today... in the RAIN.  TFTH  TNLNSL
  -  Great location, found 2 of the Bond Park caches this day. Thanks!
  -  Had another fun hunt with the kids.  Found the narrow trail which made the last 300 easier.  Left a pin and car, took two toys.  Bond Park has always been a favorite.  Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Nice hide!  I found this while in the park w/ my little brothers cub scout group setting off rockets.  I was able to find this and 2 others while I was here.  TNLN
  -  My first of 9 finds this weekend. This is a really nice place for one of the oldest caches in this cache dense area. Took something and left something, I cant remember what now. This is also the oldest cache Ive ever found!
  -  Last of 8 finds this morning.  SL @ 9 30am.  Thanks for the hide!!!
  -  Last find of the morning.  I actually found 4 today.  Found it right about noon time. br My 7 year old son wanted and took a stuffed bear and a coin.  We left some Chuck E. Cheese coins.
  -  Found the Cache, there was a lot of large fast moving spiders in the area ^_^ Took MC toy, left Playdough. p Uploaded some pictures of the adventure br URL for the images is    a href http //www.pbase.com/piggyson/geocache/ target _blank visit link /a     Caution Spoilers!  p Thanks for the Cache.
  -  Quick caching! Cool cache! br out Yo yo br  in Mctoy,badge br in/out Blueberry TB br Thanks for the smiley! br Rixart Huluvu,Emilymaus
  -  Went looking for PFC Bug but it wasnt there?  Passed by on the trail, but had a feeling from your hints that it was closer to the trail than my GPS was indicating.  So we walked around looking for a parallel trail.  Never found that trail.  Took a longer trail through the woods to get to the hiding spot   took the short cut out.
  -  A fun find today with my 9 year old step son, who spotted it right away. Took nothing, left a glow in the dark star and a Canadian Loonie.
  -  Nice hide, good cache . . . the area and cache in super condition, hard to believe over two hundred friends preceded me. THANKS br Granpa Alex
  -  Our fourth of five today, just a little after GPa Alex made his visit.  We saw a bit of PI on the trail in so step wisely!  TN/LN   there was no TB.
  -  Found with Ham_BOne
  -  Quick find while searching for other caches in the park. br Did not notice the TB in the cache. br TNLNSL   Thanks for the cache.
  -  Our first find! br My son and I found this one not to far from our house. br Great fun!
  -  Came looking for the TB but it was gone.  Took a spin top, plastic boat and gold pen.  Left a Tiger, spin top, samuri figure.
  -  Found with my father in law after finding CammoCan cache.  My father in law had borrowed the GPSr  a Garmin GPS12  my wife currently has  on loan from a friend  and was using it to navigate to the cache.  He was using the screen that lists the 10 closest caches and updates their relative location and direction in real time.  What he didnt realize was that it also orders them by closest in real time too!  So, all of a sudden he started saying, its this way and my GPSr was saying it was the other way!  Needless to say, things got a bit confusing.  Once we figured out, though, that this cache had moved up in the list we headed out in the right direction.  The area was pretty well overgrown and it was getting dark but we managed to go for a bit and then reach a clearing so I could get a better satellite lock.  After that, I had a pretty good bearing on the cache and headed around an obstacle.  I went for a bit and then said, hmm... it should be getting close.  I turned on my flashlight, shined it forward and voila! there was the cache.  By this time it was getting fairly dark under the forest canopy so Im glad we found it when we did.  Took a small frisbee and left a pinwheel.  When I got back to the car and showed the frisbee to my wife she laughed because apparently it was the one she left in the cache when she found it several weeks ago!  Oh well.   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   Thanks for a good cache.
  -  very fun search, one of my first ever, this stuff is fun.
  -  Nice cache, enjoyed ourselves at the park which has very nice trails.  Took the hardway in to the cache through thick brush  but found an easier way back out.  Cache is in good condition.  TNLNSL.  
  -  Took my mt. bike and set a route of 10 caches. This was the third. Had to wait for the muggles to clear out before I could really search. Nice spot. TNLN + SL. Covered it better than I found it. Enjoyed it!
  -  Took us a while, i guess the dense leaves were messing with our signal.  Lots of spiderwebs!
  -  Found with jklGoDuke.  Now I have an account of my own!
  -  Walked right by it at first   guess my geocaching instincts are a little too firmly rooted, so to speak.  Then I sat my toddler down on a log and found it on the second pass.  We took a helicopter and a wooden knob, and left a toy  my mind is going   Ive forgotten what toy we left!  and a lobster.
  -  This was the last of the 3 caches we found on our first evening geocaching.  A bit further off the path than I was expecting & we ended up walking past it twice before I started trusting the GPS enough to do what it told me!  Good thing I had decrypted the additional hints before leaving home.  Signed the logbook & my 6YO swapped a batman action figure for a pin that caught his eye.  Thanks for the walk through a part of Bond Park wed never been to.
  -  My wife wanted to visit Spring Days at Bond Park this year, so I went with her... and while she was checking out the vendor booths, I went geocaching for the first time.  The cache was a bit further off the beaten path than I was expecting, but I finally reached the general vicinity.  My GPS was accurate to about 25 feet, so I was pretty close.  This being my first hunt, I didnt know what to expect.  I first looked around to see if the cache was in plain site, but it didnt seem to be.  Then I started looking in holes in the ground, etc.  Still no luck.  I was about to leave  a bit disappointed  when I noticed a debris pile that looked more man made than natural.  I poked at it with a stick  hoping I wasnt about to make some wild animal angry , and there it was!  My first geocache find!  It was fun to see what others had left there.  I didnt bring anything to leave in it myself, so I didnt take anything either.  I just signed the log and returned it to its hiding place.  Thanks for the fun introduction to geocaching!
  -  This was my kids second cache   they had fun.  tn/ln
  -  Its always great to find a venerable cache.  This one was #578 on the approval list, making it one of the oldest ones Ive yet found.  I suspect it has brought many folks to the sport. p The park where the cache is hidden was worth the visit and the cache remains loaded with excellent trade goods.  TN, left a geoGeorge$ and signed the log.
  -  Came with my brother and two of his daughters.  TNLN...Thanks for the cache...CACHE ON!
  -  Great park, Ill have to come back another time when I can enjoy the trails. Took the travel bug and left a kazoo. Thanks for the hunt...Kazoo p 
  -  Nice cache and walk.  Love doing caches in NC. It seems the PFC went awol.  Left signature button and a TB 
  -  2nd find of 4 this day. Just a short walk from previous find. Saw a snake in the creek. Easy find even though we did not take the most direct route. Took a toy farm tractor and left a stuffed white bear. Thanks for the cache. p Sir & Duchie
  -  This was the last of the four caches we looked for and found while visiting Cary from Aiken, SC for the weekend soccer tournament.  I was extremely surprised how easily we found this one without much of a map of the city, and no map of the park.  The hint was indespensible though.  This one was found by John.  We didnt see any travel bugs which was unfortunate since we wanted to give one a lift south, but we did get an extremely close look at a Great Blue Heron which was sweet.  Thanks for the adventure.
  -  Found this one after about 5 minutes of looking around. Neither of the two Travel Bugs listed are in there, though. TNLN. Thanks!
  -  This was our fourth cache for the day. Nice cache. I looked and there are no TBs in this cache. Thanks for the fun hunt!!
  -  Found this with my GPS this time.  I first found this cache over a year ago by accident hiking through the woods. Reading your log book was the first time I had heard of Geocaching.  So I left your cache there and went home and looked up this web site.  It looked like fun, so I got a gps and now hunt geocaches.  Thanks for the great introduction to Geocaching!
  -  The whole Geo Roaches crew went out searching today.  Found this fairly quickly.  Nice Cache. Thanks!  Took clicker and Donald Duck head, left glue stick and post it notes.
  -  We made the same mistake another did.  We were on the correct side of the creek, but our navigator  me!  thought the cache was on the other side.  Once on the other side, we realized we were ok to begin with.  Three of the kids with us managed to cross the creek  both times  on an old tree fallen across the creek, while those us more cautious  sane?  took the bridge.  We left various items, including a Carolina Hurricanes window sticker  go Canes! .
  -  Real nice walk in a park we have never visited before.  We were on the right side of the creek and got mixed up and went around to the other, then found that we had to go back around.  Thanks very much for a real nice part of our caching day.
  -  travel bug tracking entry  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  I saw this one before Dad did, I took a vegie tales keychain.
  -  We just stopped by for a walk in the woods and to help the travel bugs listed as being here on their way.  The only one that was in the cache was Little Pieces.  Both, Just Buggin and PFC Bug, Army of One, have gone AWOL.  I will place Little pieces in a new cache in the next few days. p Thanks for the time in the woods with my daughter. p Jabba and The Tater
  -  Great hiding spot not to hard to find. Thanks a bunch for having the cache.
  -  We struggled a little to find this one, but our 7 year old finally found it.  Didnt take anything, just filled in the log.
  -  We did this cache while doing the series of 3 Bond Park letterboxes.  I think we took the wrong trail because we had to traipse through the woods pretty far, but we still found it!  Left Little Pieces TB.
  -  Red Wolf Team  12 31 03    1 45 pm br Park was crowded and had to wait for people to clear out  br to find this one. Nice hide. TN/left 3 Red Wolf  badges. br Thanks for the fun.
  -  Fourth of five for the day. Had my wife Eva and our dog satchet with me. I Spotted it first, but let Eva find it img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle .
  -  My six year old, Addison, spotted this one today. We had passed it and had to double back. This is relatively near another cache also located at Bond Park. Probably a good dual for local cachers. p Glad to see that you are using the reliable standard cache container, as all the items were nice and dry. Addison took a plastic bug  as opposed to a travel bug  and left a toy train car. We signed log. It was an excellent day to be out to walk off some of the Christmas turkey. p Thanks for the find. br 
  -  Thought this might be the last cache of the day, but I was able to squeeze one more micro in afterwards.  TNLN, but enjoyed the search!
  -  Found the Good Googalooga, TN but left a new bug. I left  br PFC Bugg, Army of One. I wish for him to continue his journey. br 
  -  This was our first of three today.  We walked along the path thinking we would get closer.  We walked all the way around it until we came to the softball field.  We began walking to the point and had to cross the small stream, not bad unless you have 5 small kids.  We found it fairly quick after that.  Took the gold coin and toy dog.  We left the batman and plastic bug.  Thanks for the hunt.  CITO
  -  Absolutely gorgeous day to be walking in the woods. p I dropped my camera case by the lake, and five minutes later when I went back to look for it, it had disappeared. p I saw no TB in the box. br 
  -  Must have just missed FinnInFla.  Easy find nearby to another.  Quick hike in and hike out.  Signed log, TN/LN. br 
  -  We had a bit of trouble finding which path to take from the parking lot.  It was our very first Geocache!  We took the Nemo travel bug and are going to put in in a cache in Asheville, where we are going tomorrow.  We left a few items and our girls had fun picking a few items out.  A great first find   
  -  Found with Mothra. br Took a toy car and Chicken Run stickers. br Left a Rescue Heros Helicopter. p Took us 3 different paths to get to the cache.
  -  Found cache. br Left Finding Nemo travel bug br Took Stealth travel bug.
  -  Lucy and I cleared out all of the spider webs in the area and made sure all the mosquitos were well fed!!! p The cache wasnt covered up very well, so I put some more sticks on top. TNLNSL p 
  -  It was a nice morning, and I thought me and my dog needed a good cache... Well, what we really needed by the end was a good bath! The rain had really muddied up the surrounding area and trails, but it was a good find. One thing about a cache that has been around a while.. even the mistakes start forming paths. Found a path and thought this must be it... Me and the Geodog soon found ourselves on the wrong side of the creek a few hundred feet from the cache...  p Cache was found in good condition   TNLN, signed log. 
  -  In the Triad on business; decided to spend Sunday doing some caching Triangle style. p Well, I spent the better part of the morning on my flights over here reading the endless articles about Tobey Maguire in that new Seabiscuit movie.  Well just call ME Tobey Maguire...Spiderman!  I walked face first through at least 4 webs on the way to this one...blecch.  In between fighting tree canopy and flailing my arms around to get the webs out of my mouth, somehow I walked right up to this one.  The caching gods were smiling on me. p Left Stealth TB, TNSL.  Thanks! br  Dave R., Biloxi, MS
  -  Found the third and final cache of our day  my birthday!! .  Good spot although we got a little nervous that we were on the wrong side of the creek!!  Had nothing left to leave, but took a polished rock.
  -  Second trip to this cache. Waah  someone got the California Bear travelbug before us. TNLN.
  -  Wow!  What a hike...we walked faster than the GPS could keep up...so we ended up walking past several times.   We are a bit new at this   Great spot.  Left pink/white car   took caterpillar. p  last edit  7/18/2003 7 19 48 AM PST 
  -  This was our 5th find of 6 today and our 2nd in Bond Park.  The description read Due to the visible nature . .   Do not expect this cache to be visible.  It is a good ways in the woods and does require bushwacking.  There were no travel bugs in the cache. The cache was in good condition but needs refreshing.  Thanks for the hunt.  This is a beautiful park with lots of possibilities.
  -  travel bug tracking entry  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Hello  p This was the first of Two caches today.  I had planned on picking up the two travel bugs that are listed as being here, but they were gone.  I guess I should have read the other logs, as the last person reported this also. p I used to work at the ropes course here at Bond park and it was nice to be out there again.  The Geo Hounds loved the creek, and enjoyed many swims.  The tree cover is so heavy out there that the GPS seemed as it could not be trusted.  Little did I know that I was standing just feet away from it at one point before I went back to the trail to get a new reading and then head back in.  One thing that I tried that may work for others is that I used my old reliable magnetic compass to help find the way.  I would tell the GPS to go to a different waypoint when it seemed confused, and then once it had a reading on that one, I would switch back to Googaloogas cache.  Then, I could get a compass heading to follow on the GPS, and go in that direction with the magnetic compass. p Thanks for the fun, p Jabba and his Geo hounds  Samba and Ripple the Choc and Yellow Labs 
  -  I was in Bond Park with my Daughter to do the Orienteering Class that is given second Sat of every month. No GPS just a compass But I bought along the GPS so that afterwards my daughter and I could look for this cache. This is our first find! We took the shells and left behind a Caterpillar from a Taco Bell Bug Kids Meal. Cache is in excellent shape.
  -  Found the cache while exploring Raleigh area parks on a beautiful June day. p GPS acting up as usual under heavy tree cover and took a bit a searching to find this one.  Note that cache is several hundred feet off the trail and some non trivial bushwacking is required.  May not be one for small children. p Picked up MARINE CORPS SPECIAL FORCES.   Didnt see JUST BUGGIN or CALIFORNIA STATE FAIR BEAR but may have missed them as we were only expecting to find one TB in this cache. p  last edit  6/3/2003 12 17 17 PM PST 
  -  This was our second find.  We are so new at this that we didnt know we could click nearby cashes.  I found out today at work that there were 2 more within feet of this one.... wonder we hadnt stumpled onto them!  We took a pencil, pen, toy car, book mark, the round tuit, and the measuring tape.  Left a Nemo fish, 3 blue glass rocks, book mark, the Marine Corps Special Fources travel bug, and a pocket size pack of tissues.  The log book bag was torn down the side.  Well probably go back this weekend for the other cashes and leave a new bag if needed.  Thanks.
  -  Nice walk in a park we didnt know existed. br Nice container and paintjob. Left some stuff br and took a pen. Thanks
  -  Nice walk.  Great paint job on the cache.  Took a Slinky and Bird Cage.  Left 4 pencils, Mr. Potato Head, and Tigger. p Thanks, br Dan, Peg, Adam, & Ryan.
  -  We walked a trail and entered the woods where thie GPS had a hard time settling down. TNLN.
  -  Catching up my logs that I found with papaw.  br Thanks for the fun. br JO_JO
  -   A HREF http //bellsouthpwp.net/r/l/rldill/index.html target _blank Users web page /A  br Found cache in good shape with 6 y/o grandson. Took toy heart, left  a cito necklace & a sig. button made for me by honeychile,   a href http //bumblebuttons.com target _blank visit link /a      p Thanks for the hunt. br rldill & JOJO p  p  br  last edit  5/9/2003 6 24 38 PM PST 
  -  Found this one a year ago, but went again looking for a travel bug to take cross country.  No bug found... p  last edit  4/29/2003 8 21 40 AM PST 
  -  Nice hide enjoyed the cache.
  -  Found it!  Cant remember what I swapped if anything. Great hide.
  -  Found it. p Came here on my lunch break.  It actually took about 20 minutes to find it once I was in the area.  I walked right past it maybe 4 or 5 times. p The cache was in good shape.  I left a slinky that is rainbow colored and took a Marge Simpson toy. p Thanks! p Chris
  -  Found the cache but not any bugs. TN/LN
  -  First cache find with my brother. He told us about geocaching. Lots of fun. br Out   can cooler br In   Race car
  -  Neat area. I am here visiting my brother and took him on this Hunt. I think he and his son are hooked now. Thanks. br In  Race Car br Out  Can cooler  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  p  last edit  3/29/2003 11 35 00 AM PST 
  -   STRONG N 35° 46.951 W 078° 49.747 /STRONG  br Nice cache.  There is almost a trail to this cache in the woods.  I dropped a branch or two in the path.  Took nothing.  Left a Smiley Button.
  -  Thought this was going to be a muddy find, but it wasnt bad at all.  Cache was in great shape and well hidden.  Took nothing, left a pin.  Thanks for the hunt. p NCTreker
  -  This was a hard find.  did it without a GPS.  Dog actuall found it.  Thanks again.
  -   A HREF http //www.ibiblio.org/sallad/gallery/geocache target _blank Users web page /A  br I found it after getting really lost.  Originally I mistyped the coordinates and ended up on the corner of Chatham St. and Cary Parkway, but I knew I was near Helixblues place so I called him and got a ride back to my car at Bond Lake to start over with corrected coords.   p I found a neat, asleep little fuzzy bat hanging upside down near the cache too. p See website for more photos.
  -  My second find of the day.  The cache was in good condition, and well covered.  Great Park!  I took a Canadian coin, and in keeping with the Gold theme, I left a small mesh gold colored box.  Thanks for the cache! p Note   I did NOT find a travel bug in this box, but maybe I just overlooked something.    p  last edit  3/15/2003 5 11 47 PM PST 
  -  Nice day to be outside! Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  Nice hiding place. Wonderful day to be out in the woods after the months of cold weather we have had. p Took nothing, left nothing. p Everything was dry and in good shape. The next person could take a new ziploc for the log book. The current one is torn. p Thanks, br bdaniel
  -   A HREF http //wolfhusky.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br It took us two tries to find this one   our first attempt found us on the wrong side of Crabtree Creek with darkness closing in. Theres a lovely note in the log book from a non Geocacher who just happened to come across the cache while walking in the woods. She even left a pair of earrings     p Took baseball keychain, left Chicken Run pen.
  -  Great day to go geocaching.  Dropped off TB Just Bugging in this cache hope he finds another to travel with shortly.    Brown007rn, Biltmore, and Savannah. 
  -  Found it. It was snowy everywhere! The kids and dogs had a good time, but beware the briars. Took Mardi Gras coin. Left travel Parcheesi Game. Didnt find a travel bug!
  -  Started out with this cache today, my buddy had found this one before so the pressure was on!  Walked around and found the area as told by the GPS.  Spun in circles for a short bit before realizing I was practically standing on the cache.  Good hike and a nice hiding spot. p t/ln p LifeTap
  -  Cold!
  -  Good  albeit chilly  cache.  We had just done Cats at Bond Park as well and by the time we hiked all the way over, we were pretty bushed!
  -  Second visit to this cache.  Came with LifeTap and brought Congo.  Took Whistler TB.  Left nothing.  Cache was in good condition.
  -  We didnt log our earlier unsuccessful visit, back on the day we did Cache as Cats Can, back before we had a GPSr. But now, thanks to our e Trex Venture, we can log our success. We returned to the scene to launch our first travel bug, Whistler, from this highly auspicious geocache. Also auspicious, its our 13th find  Kens lucky number . Amelia did all the work on this one, and took a little doll. Along with our travel bug, we left a Canadian tooney, from the stash of coins left from our recent trip to British Columbia  where Whistler is eventually headed . p PS   I was told by an earlier visitor that he picked up the California State Fair travel bug, and it should be at a cache near Ft. Bragg now. p  last edit  1/21/2003 8 40 47 AM PST 
  -  Great cache.  Didnt find a TB though!  Left some little toy and took a McToy.
  -  Back for a third  !!  visit, took the boys and some good friends. The kids had a blast. Seems a lot of geocachers got their start on this cache,  including me. 
  -  Treasure hunting with Daddy, brother, and our friends. I took a ring, left a toy. I liked throwing rocks in the creek. 
  -  Found the cache again with my little brother. We took two rings and left some cards. Thank you!
  -  found this one pretty quick and easy.  loved the military style box.  well hidden.  took a newport news pen and left a black keychain. br brian west
  -  My first find!  Just got my Meri Plat for Christmas and hiked out to find this cache today.  Was glad to see the toilet tissue in the cache as my dog found something unsavory to roll in while hunting.  Took nothing  except for a few squares of TP  and left some Silly Putty.  Thanks for a great first hunt!
  -   br   Little muddy and farther off the trail than we expected.  Looked like the cache was in good condition.  Took nothing, left nothing. p   Brandon & Shirley from Cary, NC
  -  I found this cache today first one ever.  A hard one to find if you havent gone out and bought a GPS yet  me .  Here is the one thing you need to know to find it, it is the trail beside the pipe coming from the lake.  At the bench it is located across from it.  It is a trail and after the ice storm be prepared to climb over down branches and newly growing thorns.  I did find a travel bug and plan to move it on.  I left a tape mesure and some bullet shells my friend and i found with his metal detector AT BOND PARK.  Feel free to email me but no spam.  I handed the travelbug on to my teacher who is involved in geocaching.  he is moving the bug onto a spot in fort bragg. p  last edit  12/30/2002 8 46 26 AM PST 
  -   This was my second find, just after Cache as Cats Can.  Very nice cache!  This is what I hoped geocaching would be like when I started  and what my first few attempts werent .  Left a travel bug from the Triangle meeting, took trash.  Thanks!  p Theres a discernable path from the bench on the trail straight toward the cache    clearly, G.G. has succeeded in drawing many visitors!  I dont think its any danger to the environment, just a flatter line in the carpet of leaves.
  -  Easy find,  nice trail system.
  -  Revisited this one while at Bond Park for the Cache as Cats Can cache.  These two should be done in tandem.  Did the loop around the lake    great hike!
  -  Revisited this one while at Bond Park for the Cache as Cats Can cache.  These two should be done in tandem.  Did the loop around the lake    great hike!
  -  We arrived at the park to find some sort of track and field event going on.  College runners everywhere! We managed to find the cache without any runners spottiing us.  We took the IlluvianSektnetG Travel Bug and we left a card on Pres. Dwight D. Eisenhower, a paddle drum, a sucker ball, and a painted drawer knob.  Thanx for the hunt. p Jeff, Traci, Wes and Sid br The Davis Family
  -  My very first cache. My six year old son Connor and I found it together. It was his first too. Thanks for the nice walk. He was very excited! Left some play coins and a token for the Boardwalk in Deep Creek Maryland if anyone wants to stop up there for a drink on me! Connor took the Rainbow Generating Glasses. Box is dry and in good shape. Left it as we found it.
  -   A HREF http //mtnbike.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br 4 53pm  Congo and I went for a walk in the park.  Nice cache.  T/L nothing.
  -   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Wow I have never seen a gold plated cache before. Full of stuff too! Just had time for a quick after work visit but definitly will come back to enjoy the park. Took a House Rewards keychain, left a lightup reindeer pen  only 76 shopping days left! 
  -  Found it. The cache is dry and in great shape. I really enjoyed the walk to this one. I ran into a young family on their first day of caching. Its always great to see kids enjoying outside activities with their parents. I used to hang out at this lake in the old days  late 70s . Back then it was called Bass Lake but all the partiers called it A Lake because of all the skinny dippers. We were thrown out by the Wake Co. deputies every week, but always came back. They could have put up a chain to keep us out, but I think the law enjoyed the view too much to make us quit. Good memories. I left some dog toys and took the deck of cards. p  last edit  9/29/2002 7 22 29 AM PST 
  -  Had some trouble with this one  our first day and getting tired .  Took a paddle boat break in between caches. p A lot more bush for this one than I expected and still getting acquainted with my GPSr.  Happened upon another cacher that was conveniently coming away from it, so we got some helpful tips.  It was practically under our noses.  My son couldnt make up his mind, but eventually took the dollar and left a stuffed McBunny. p  last edit  9/29/2002 7 56 16 PM PST 
  -  Good Googalooga!! br Did alittle bushwhacking but not too much.  br All in the game. br Fun cache! Took the Pepsi ball key chain and left a cool Railinc coaster. br I want a T shirt!! p The Commish.
  -  Our first geocaching trip in about a year.  We were a little rusty but eventually found it.  We were almost trampled several times, cross country running season must be in full swing.
  -  We found the cache rather quickly. My sons getting good at finding them! Beautiful spot.Took Shrek magnet and teacher pin. I cant remember what we left, but we recorded it in the log. br D Team br John 3 16
  -  Great little park.  Nice hike.  I didnt take or leave anything.
  -  Teaching my nephew the ins and outs of the GPS so I decided to hit this one again since its pretty easy.  I also wanted to drop off Steggy the travel bug since Id had him a while and I just wasnt sure I could get him to a cache hed like any time soon.  Drove him around in my car for a few days so hed think he was far from home ;  .    
  -  Somewhat easy spot. I would hate to have to use the toilet paper. Mosquitos were plentiful. I saw no snakes. There was a squirrel eating in the tree above me as I plundered the stash so I kept getting pelted with nut casings. Then I saw another couple of squirrels tearing trough the brush and chirping at one another. I would have like to stay longer but I had donated enough blood to the mosquitos and wanted to bug out. My fault for going in the evening with no DEET.  br I left my TRAVEL BUG Smiling Ichiro #308789. He will start his journey here.
  -  Along with newbie cacher Unca Bob and his faithful hound Daisy, we found this cache with no problem. Clever hiding place.  Where Im from in Texas we would use a pile of limestone rocks to achieve the same effect.  Took chocolate color rubber stamp pad, left a color plastic easter egg from the Cache as Cats Can cache nearby.  Last cache in North Carolina for now, enjoyed your state and several of your geocaches, now back home to Texas to cool off and nurse these deep mortal flesh wounds you would call Mosquito Bites.  You North Carolinians have got mosquitos that put Texas most vicious insect pests to shame.  Come visit Texas and just laugh at our evil fire ants, theyre nothing compared to the winged bloodthirsty vampires infesting your woods. p  last edit  8/10/2002 3 30 07 PM PST  p  This entry was edited by lowracer on Sunday, October 10, 2004 at 7 47 23 PM. 
  -  Thanks for a great cache. This was my first geocache find. It was a great location, easy spot for a beginner. Hot and humid, but thats NC in the summer. 
  -  Found this cache after a relatively short search around the area.  WARNING!  There was a copperhead snake resting just inches away from the cache today.  Fortunately my father in law spotted just as I was about to pick the cache up.  It slithered out of view without further incident, but I was a little shook up.  I dont know if copperheads tend to hang around the same place long, but I would reccommend keeping your eyes open for this one. p  last edit  7/23/2002 5 32 01 PM PST 
  -  Great day for a walk around the lake.  I hit this cache then made my way around to Cats.  Very warm day, but shade on the trail and a light breeze made it ok.  Took lip balm  my kid loves mint choc. chip ice cream  and left pepsi globe keychain.  Thanks!
  -  What fun!! My first cache find and what a blast it was.  I never knew the park was that big. Hiking in the woods made me realize more just how dry this summer has been   no water in the creek.  It rained as I was starting my search and that made it just interesting enough but I found myself repeating   I cant wait till Fall.  hot, humid, sticky, ticks, briars, and baseball pinging.  The cache was well hidden and a challenge to find but not too too difficult.  I took a key chain and left a deck of cards.
  -  Found it on or about 7/13/02 without incident, other than the mosquitos.  Thanks.
  -  This was our first Geocaching trip and our first find! We brought our dog, Matt, and really enjoyed the hike. Lost our signal, three times in the dense part of the woods, but we made it to the cache. Took a slinky  I love slinkys!  and left a ladybug beanie!
  -  Really easy walk to this cache. It isnt hidden too well.  p Took nothing but left a koozie. p Headed for another cache at Bond Park.
  -  Hurrah! This was my first Geocache find out of three attempts. Nice hiding job, fellas   I found it after Id been searching around the fallen trees for almost twenty minutes. I decided to take a break and sit down on one of the logs when I caught it out of the corner of my eye. Moooooooo!
  -  Walk right to within 100ft before things fell apart. I even walked along the top of the downed tree but didnt see it. It took me a good 20 min. to find it, I dont know what my problem was. As I was writing in the journal someone else came along and I was forced to either hide and make it as hard for them as it was for me, or stand up and say hello and give it away. Well, Im pretty friendly so... I stood up. I am real familiar with the area as I work at the High Ropes course at Bond Park. No excuse for it taking so long. I did have a lot of fun though. Dogman 98
  -  I took Hot Wheels car and left ships anchor novelty pen.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  My GPS acted up a bit in the woods, but found the cache without too much trouble. Took nothing, left nothing.
  -   A HREF http //www.jankout.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Great first cache for BillyAndKak. We took our time about it, but after some poking around we finally found it. It was your average steamy July afternoon. I tried not to drip sweat on the logbook while Kak traded treasures. We took the rubber chicken keychain and the photo paper and left a Shrek action figure and a business card for a great jewelry store in the Bahamas. Thanks a bunch,  billy 
  -  Took the we people along for this one. Not hard to find   a great place to hike, canoe, etc.
  -  Loved it! Our first find  we havent even worked a GPS into the budget yet. Did it all with the hints, a topo map, determination and a little luck and sweat. Thanks for a great cache!
  -  Had found this one last year, but used it as a training mission for two new geocachers.  They got hooked and we went on to do 3 more today. p 
  -  Nice little park and cache. I stopped by with some newbies to geocaching. p Cheers! p Bugman
  -  TeamWOWs first find after a Fathers Day GPS gift.  Close to home and had a picnic while we were out there.  Took an Iron Giant toy and crayons and left gliders.  Love Bond Park and the kids LOVED fining a treasure!
  -  This was my first find....   Hurray...  I took some batteries and left a teachers apple pin..  This cache was 1/2 mile from my house and was an easy find......
  -  I got a GPS a couple of weeks ago and just found this site.  Walked out of the house at 8 10 to try to find my first cache  sunset at 8 30, mind you   what was I thinking!   But it was only about a mile away, I found it, left some Romanian money and batteries, and came home with Eeyore, muddy shoes, and a couple of bug bites.  Waitin for the poison ivy rash to show up ;  . p Thanks! br 
  -  First time geocaching with our friend GneissTuff&wacke.  It was really cool.  Thanks for the fun.
  -   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Found this one just before sunset while introduced 4 friends to the thrill of Geocaching.  Etrex batteries ran out, so we relied on the topo map and the clue.  Thanks for the great cache.   p Left 4   still in package McD happy meal toys  2 Eeyors, 1 Rabbit, 1 blue jay teeny beany baby  and an ink stamp pad.   p Took the Smokey the bear bandana, very cool toy iguana, pepsi watch, police man action figure and a book.  The iguana will likely become a travel bug soon. 
  -  Beautiful day for a stroll through the park.  Libby loved the doggy beach.  The ducks were a little rattled though.  Great cache! Our eTrex played a few games with us but Kara prevailed. br The toilet paper was a great idea, but we opened the cache about 5 minutes too late for it to be of any use ;   p Walking through the creek bed we were able to get within 10 or 12 feet of a large grayish brown hawk  i  about a 3 wingspan  /i  sitting on a branch above and keeping an eye on us as we passed by below. Its probably a good thing we had just dropped Chester  i  the littlest mongrel  /i  off at home. p We took 11 cents in African coins and a deck of cards. We left behind a Magic card and an Iguana.   How do we hook this guy up with a travel bug anyway?  p Thanks for the fun, p  b Team Hatteras! /b  br Kara, Tom & Paul  i  plus just Libby this time  /i  p  last edit  6/10/2002 3 47 44 PM PST  p  last edit  6/10/2002 4 33 55 PM PST 
  -  My first cache.  Found this one easily in the daylight.  However, my first attempt the week before was less succesful as I reached the site in near darkness.  Thanks for the cache.  Left a Rubiks Cube  unsolved  and took a purple platypus. p Matt and Natalia
  -  We found this one too easily.  Took the dollar coin left a Smokey Bear bandana.   p The Abbie Dogs 
  -  Great afternoon in Cary! Went to the REI store to look for a new ultralight pack, decided to geocache on the way home. p Nice park, really enjoyed it. We made the find more challenging than it had to be,  pebffrq gur perrx  but found it at last, cool. Left 2 South African coins, took an antibiotic polysporin packet. p Thanks for a fun hide Googalooga! p  last edit  5/26/2002 5 45 00 AM PST 
  -  The Buddy Brigade strikes again!  Bought a GPS yesterday...needed to test it out. Worked like a charm.  It took us right to the cache.  We went with some friends...theyll log in soon.  We took a pack of batteries and left a red compass. My son wanted the roll of TP, for some reason.  I said to leave that in case someone didnt plan ahead.       JJJJF where is your log?  10 38a p  last edit  5/25/2002 10 16 56 AM PST 
  -  This was our first Cache. Took my son out for the afternoon hunt with an old Garmin GPS12. Great Hide! We walked past it several times. Took 3 Wheres George bucks  used on Goodburys ice cream! , wagon, and keychain. Left multi colored sticky ball, dinosaur keychain, and a deck of NC playing cards. br Happy finding! br Goose and Grump 
  -   A HREF http //www.wosto.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br My first cache! Picked this one because it was close to my house and easy for a first timer. I took the hard way in  not on the path , my Garmin GPS V was right on the money baby! Took a chik fil a Brain Teaser book  for my son  and left 3 $1 bills stamped with wheresgeorge.com  my other internet game . Noticed that there is an unintentional path being beaten to the cache, also watch out for the prickly vines, theyre plentiful! p Thanks! br Wosto
  -  Took our church teen group to Bond Park after church.  We borrowed a couple GPSs and made finding this geocache one of our activities.  The teens decided to split into two groups   boys against the girls.  I led the girls group and we found the cache without too much difficulty while the boys were wandering around about 100 yards away. p Our youth pastor took the car lamp that was in the cache and we left a 4 pack of AA batteries for someone elses GPS.  Also left some business cards if you feel like dropping in on a Sunday morning and visiting us. p Great cache to introduce beginners.  Our teens are hooked and we plan on trying the one at Jordan Lake for our activity next month!
  -   A HREF http //ncbensons.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br First cache to visit with our new GPS. Took the dogs and they had fun romping through the woods. Took and unecessary hop across the creek on the fake trail made by others.  Good time. Took nothing.. left a Cold Stone Cremery frequent buyer card with 2 out of 10 holes punched already.  Yummy. p  last edit  5/20/2002 5 18 53 AM PST 
  -  First cache my wife has joined my daughter and I on. GPS was right on and was within 3 feet.  Crossed the creek by accident but that just added to the excitement! Took the candy and two quarters. Left an eraser, stuffed animal and a lanyard key chain. Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Was in the area for a class, and the class was over at noon, so we got a day earlier start on Geocaching.  p Found at 2 00 Pm. br Enjoyed the hike.  Took a dollar and left a luggage tag and my sig. item.   Visiting from Richmond, Va 
  -  First cache! My daughter and I went out for a walk in the park and found this cache in a fairly short time.  It was well hidden when we found it and equally well hidden when we left.  All in all, a good time.  TN/LN.
  -  Had a great time! My 8 year old daughter and I trudged through the woods while my wife with her newly healed broken leg stayed on the trail. We flushed out a very healthy looking rabbit as we approached the cache. Great family outing. Weve lived in Cary Apex for three years and this was our first  though certainly not last  visit to Bond Park.
  -  My first cache.  Took my 4 year old daughter along.  She loved it.  Im hooked!
  -  10 35 AM  I was surprised to find a travel bug in this cache! Im visiting this area from my home in Oregon; since the travel bug  TBCDE  is trying to get to California, Ill have to help it get to the right coast, at least.  A stroke of luck, huh? Most travel bugs dont go across the country so quickly.  p I nearly didnt find the cache at all. I decoded the hint but I still couldnt figure out what it referred to. Finally, about to give up, I took one last look and found the well hidden box.  p I left a two dollar bill; since these dont circulate any longer, I hope that someone else will think its cool.  p Thanks for a fun hunt!
  -  Loved both the park and the cache.  Good job in keeping this accessible yet far enough off the beaten path.  Took me a while to find this one but it was fun.  Traded a compass for T Rex  mostly cause the cache was so full  and left Getting to Opa! travel bug.  This is a log book that is trying to make it to CA   I tried to make it obvious that its a bug and not the cache log. br Thanks for the fun and good luck to Opa.  p  last edit  6/5/2002 8 43 10 PM PST 
  -  Stopped to get a sandwich and then find this one at lunch.  Had a nice hike through the park. p Left an old fashioned toy car.  Took a furby that I may soon turn into a travel bug.
  -  Our 1st find!  First thing in the morning... Tim found it while Dad was staring at the GPS receiver.  There is a path becoming visible from the main trail to the cache.  Took the Mardi Gras necklace and flag pin, left a bouncy ball and breast cancer awareness pin.
  -  Found cache, not too difficult, my second the wifes first find.  Took nothing left nothing, interesting items in ammo box.
  -  16 30   This was my first find! My GPS kept losing its signal but I finally got to 0.02 miles and started looking around. I have to admit I peeked at the hint, otherwise I wouldnt have known what to look for. I took nothing and left a packet of Polysporin antibacterial ointment. p  last edit  4/4/2002 6 48 02 PM PST 
  -  Wife and I found the cache this afternoon.  What a pretty park.  Probably should stay longer.  We did take time to watch some ducks feed  bottoms up  in the lake.  Left a puzzle and took some insect repellant.  Number 9 for me.
  -  This was a nice, easy, find.  We were visiting from Dallas, TX.  Pleasant day and the wife even joined us for the outting.  The cache was in good shape.  T/L   Nothing. p Thanks for the hunt! p Team F&S Texas  Father and son  p 
  -  This was our second Find so far.  It was a great day.  Park was packed with people, left a USA Flag pin and took the Baby Bear with the Travel Bug.
  -  This was our very first cache. Kelsey was our navigator and so chose the squirrel    very cute. p  last edit  3/28/2002 5 12 46 PM PST 
  -  Our first find!! Was fun. Thanks
  -  I was in North Carolina on business and had to go geocaching.  What a wonderful park.  Took an associate of mine on her first cache.  It was a welcome releif from all day meetings.  I dropped off a traveling bear  Baby Bear  in the cache.  He started his travels in Seattle and wants to go visit some friends in South Carolina.  Please take care of him and help him achieve his mission.  He showed us a good time and kept us company during the month he stayed with us.     p  last edit  3/30/2002 10 15 57 AM PST 
  -  Our first cache;  took several crossings of the creek to find it.  Took a truck, left a beanie baby.
  -  Found the cache.  Our second ever!  Left a Dinosaur Card Matching game, took a draydel.
  -   A HREF http //www.krenim.org/geocaching.html target _blank Users web page /A  br Found it! Great location and a really good cache. The cache was really well hidden, we had to decrypt the clue to find it! Aaack. Took the gold coin and left a pack of playing cards. What a neat park. The trek was a lot of fun! Thanks! br 
  -  This was our third and last for the day.  Great park and nice trails. Thanks for the hide. Was lucky and took several pictures of raptor who liked posing. He was up in a tree in the middle of the woods and when we walked by the trail he flew over next to the trail and let me snap a few. Cache was in good shape. Took the spur keychain and left a Ford Truck. 
  -  I thought I logged this one back when I found it but somehow it does not appear on the page. Team Alex found this one. Took kids bracelet and left spur key chain. Nice park to visit.
  -  found it this morning.  Nice well stocked cache.  Enjoyed the hunt and the park.  Took the race car, left a frog pin, superball, and 3 oz saltwater sinker.  
  -  My first GEO Cache! I took only pictures. The golf ball suprised me as did the CDs.
  -  Yes, I found it this evening just before the park closed.  Once again, I was racing the darkness.  I really need to become an acrobat, with all this log crossing Ive been doing.  Just kidding.  This was a short walk.  Saw some kids biking through the woods.  I remember those days  When I moved here 3 years ago, I thought Id never find a park with a basketball court, but this geocaching thing has led me to more courts in the past week than Ive seen in some time. I took the Rusty Wallace travel bug and left a golf ball.  I think I have a good spot for it.  Thanks for the fun cache and another basketball court.
  -  This is our second Googalooga cache found.  Kathy actually found this one before I did.  We have decided to pick this as our starting point for the Rusty Wallace Travel Bug.  Rusty is in a race that will last all NASCAR season with 2 other Travel Bugs that are being released in Maryland and Florida.  Points are given for the number of caches visited, number of states traveled and various other items which will be detailed on the travel bug page.  This one was timed perfectly.  As we were getting out of the car MRN radio was announcing the starting line up for the Daytona 500.  Well lets help Rusty win this race by visiting as many caches, NASCAR tracks, and states as possible.  Thanks again Googalooga for the cache and the adventure.  Gooooooo RUSTY!!!  We left Rusty and took the Temporary tatoos.
  -   A HREF http //home.nc.rr.com/googalooga/geocaching.html target _blank Users web page /A  br Placed a new logbook in the cache today.  I took the old one home for some interesting reading.  Thanks to everyone that took the time to hunt this cache.  This box is really crammed full of goodies!  Took a hat and left a few things in its place.
  -  Easy find,,,,Absolutely great day for it..Noticed log book needs to be replaced.Took nothing, left. br nothing.
  -  nice park, have passed it before and never stopped. p thanks for the cache! p team webfargo p 
  -   A HREF http //www.dannemarie.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br This was our first find. It was a good day for a walk in the park. There is a place in between the boat ramp and the volleyball courts where some dog owners let their dogs run around and play in the water. Ashe, our canine, enjoyed his play time with them enormously. p The cache was in good shape.. As others reported..  the log book is full but still useful. If I have time.. I will add another log book as this seems to be a popular cache.  We took the West Virginia Magnet and left a mini skateboard.  I am planning to go to Lake Tahoe in a few days.. if anyone has a Travel bug that needs a ride...  
  -   A HREF http //profile.sh/ target _blank Users web page /A  br This one was a quicky, for sure! br 
  -  Googalooga knows the good parks around town, thats for sure.  In the last two days Ive actually found that Cary does have some nice spots in it    Unfortunatly, I forgot to bring anything with me, so I didnt take anything either. p The log book is pretty much full at this point, you can find someplace to log if you flip around but the order to the log entries is gone.  Has anyone seen the Rope Trail in use?  That thing looks kinda interesting.
  -  Took a few minutes to find this one but finally did.  Took nothing and left nothing.  Signed the log and it was getting full.  Looked like people had started to use the back of the pages.
  -  Elizabeth and I  Tass  found this one after T and Kat told us about it.  It took us only about 30 minutes.  Elizabeth brought some springy bracelets and temp. tattoos and took the I spy game a pencil and a coin. Elizabeth  Kats neice  is now hooked and we all are looking forward to our next find!
  -  Loads of fun on our second geocaching.  Our first ended in nothing, so the kids were excited to finally find one.  Took the gooie hand, santa soap, golf ball and elephant pin.  Left a t shirt  Dont Make Me Get My Monkeys  and I Spy computer game. p The GeoHunters
  -  You know all the good parks! I really liked the paint job on this cache. I tromped around for about 15 minutes looking for a hollow tree to no avail and then resorted to whacking everthing with a stick. Finally found it  well hidden . I left a furby and took the now famous scooby whistle. Glad I beat the snow on this one...that would be a challenge! BTW, the LOG book is now full. br Thanks again, Revnine br 
  -   Today was a cache and Cary day.  Hannah and Googalooga.  This one was first. p As usual, I got excited and took off across country and could have followed a trail to a much closer point to enter the bush.  p I was standing on the log in question saying Look around guys, it says 10 ft.  My nephew found it at my feet.   We took a polished rock and a US flag key ring.  We left some bug repellant and a very nice silver elephant pin.  It was really neat to see a cache that had been around this long.  Thanks for the cache!!
  -  The log book is nearly full. We left some polished rocks and Star Wars cards.
  -  We didnt exactly pay attention to the part about this cache being very accessible.  We took the REALLY long way, and ended up crossing the creek on a log  Gore Tex is our friend!   Found the cache quickly, once we got on the right side of the creek.  The logbook is almost full.  We are impressed with how many visitors this cache has had.  We took a Christmas music CD, and left santa soap, chapstick, a WV magnet, and a lump of coal straight from WV.  This is a nice park, wish the ropes course was open.  Thanks for placing the cache. .......Botrytisfree and Erwinia br 
  -  I revisited this cache  the last time was Feb 10th  in hopes of trading for the Pearl Harbor DVD. Someone took it on Dec 26th, although they didnt log the visit on geocaching.com. That would have appreciated. Took nothing/left nothing. br P.S. The new cache container is nice, but I do miss the BEAR.
  -  THanks for all the fun.  Brought my 75 year old Uncle along and hear really had a good time.  It was his first time and he wants to go on more hunts.  Took nothing.   p Craig
  -  This was our first hunt   and find! Took about 2 1/2 hours. We parked on the opposite side of the park and went the hard way. It was in a great spot. Left a glow in the dark bracelet and an American flag keychain. Took the Pearl Harbor DVD and a New Testament Bible.  Our computer crashed so were just now able to log our find  01/14/02 . Sorry! Hope our mistake is a forgivible one! 
  -  I tried this one yesterday but failed. It pays to re read the clues before you go!  Tried this at lunchtime with DRAGON HEART. I knew exactly where it was this time. Took the t shirt  The Holy Grail of Triangle Geocaching. Thanks Googalooga! I will wear it proudly . I left a Pearl Harbor DVD.
  -   A HREF http //home.nc.rr.com/googalooga target _blank Users web page /A  br Checked on the cache hoping that the PS1 game would still be there  I first found out it was there when I watched the WB22, 10PM news a while ago! .  The game was there so I grabbed it.  In return I left a Googalooga geocaching T shirt  XL  and some other stuff.  Happy Trails.
  -  Had a blast trying to find this one quickly it was almost dark .  Very good location.  Too bad my husband missed the t shirt at this one too.  Well keep trying at others. br                Thanks 
  -  I visited this cache as the 4th one today with my wife greenm&m. Very good spot. Very good cords. They got us within 15 feet very quickly. Barely got there before sundown and had alot of fun. br                     Thanks
  -  a beautiful 70 degree day in december !  to go finding our first cache.  took a frequent buyer card for global village java cafe and left a rocket scientist pin. br lots of fun, more trips planned over christmas break in FL and VA!
  -  Amy Hockert and Mark Spearin, from WB22, were interested in learning what geocaching was all about and they wanted to do it in two hours. The goal was to create a report to be aired tonight, on the 10 oclock news. This geocache, in Bond Park, was the best target I could think of. It is interesting in that it is hidden in the woods, yet is in a populated area. Also, I was pretty sure I could find it again. p Watch the WB22, 10PM news and see if we did a good job of representing geocaching and how much fun it is. p I took a keychain flashlight and left a flower pot.
  -  This is the first cache I have ever found.  I heard about this sport only last week while playing with my new Etrex Vista.  It was a great find!  I took an american flag patch and left a keychain and a pen.  The cache was covered nicely under some leaves.  I left it as I found it.  I cant wait until my daughter is old enough to enjoy the treasure hunt!  Hope to start my own cache soon. p Thanks,
  -  Woo Hoo!  p Sampson and I stumbled upon the lock box this afternoon and added a  br Playstation video game and a golf ball. I took a pack of glasses cleaning towels; a Susan b Anthony dollar and Sampson ate the dog biscuit. br 
  -  Great cache box! Had a good time! Dad, Mom, son  13  daughter  11 , daughters friend, and dog. p Took manicure set and whiste/yo yo bag. Left doggie boomarang, doggie treat and soccer keychain.
  -  This was our first! A great time! We took the calculator and swim goggles and left some kids software and a Tele Tubbie doll. Parker our five year old found the cache before the rest of us could.
  -  Very accessible and fun for the kids.  This was our first hunt with the two kids  5 and 6 .  We took the t shirt  for me , a bracelet, toy car and magnifying glass.  We left a squishy smiley face ball, a whistle, a yo yo and a platic spider  since we didnt see as many spiders today as we normally do !  Took about 5 10 minutes of searching before we found it.  This is probably the best cache  content wise  that we have found so far.
  -  Fourth of five for ScoobyGang today.  All started well, but then bagn getting mixed signals from the GPS.  Criss crossed the creek twice    assaulted by monster spiders    finally    could that be it??    YES!!  There, under the log!!  Took sunglasses  for the guys  and two rings  for the girls .  Left keychain and scooby whistle.
  -  Found this one on a perfect weather afternoon. Like others we had trouble deciding which side of the creek to search. The cache is still in good shape, except small holes have appeared in the container, which might let forest friends in. Good location, would have been great before the tree fell down. Took gold coins, left toy car and bracelet. Thanks for the adventure. br 
  -  Found this one fairly fast. One other visitor today as well. Good hiding place! Took nothing left nothing. Great day to be outside. br Poohbear
  -  found this one this am.  impressive park!  cache is in good condition and well hidden.  took nothing, left nothing.  thanks for the adventure.  harry
  -  I went to this cache several days ago, so My write up is from a weak memory.  After reading many of the log entries about not wanting to be on the wrong side of the creek...  I wound up on the wrong side of the creek.  I was able to find a downed tree across the creek and make a successful crossing without getting wet.  This was a pretty easy cache to find, and it is extremely full.  I removed the Sherlock Holmes diskette, and a kids meal toy  it took up way too much room , in there place I left 2 pairs of kids sunglasses.  The cache was in very good shape and the area is nice and clean.  I talked with the cache owner and got permission to remove the red towel that was left as a marker.  I think it looks kind of trashy.  Hopefully I will be able to return soon to get it out of there.  If someone else visits this cache before I can return please remove the towel.  All in all, it was a great cache even though I got drenched on the way out  rain not the creek .  Since I was already wet I decided to check out the Mulch Education area that I parked near.  Pretty nifty stuff if your into dirt.  Thanks again for another fun find Googalooga.  Great Hunting... Great Caching.  Gabchoud
  -  This was my first cache find also. I went with my two kids and a friend and his son. We had a little problem with the creek, didnt know which side of the creek the cache was hidden. After figuring out which side of the creek we should be on, we found it quite easily.  p We left a 3 1/2 disk containing 60 Sherlock Holmes stories, 2 friendship bracelets, and a WWJD eraser. p We took some gold coins, a golf ball, finger skateboard and a keychain. p Thanks br 
  -  Found this cache this evening  our first in North Carolina  after returning from a vacation in Pennsylvania  where we got hooked on Geocaching !  It was a quick find.  The jar was hidden off the trail in the woods behind a very large tree that had fallen over  maybe from Hurricane Fran?   Next to it was a dark red t shirt.  Didnt decode the hint, but noticed on the Googalooga web site that the bear jar was supposed to be in a hollow tree..?  We enjoyed the hunt just the same!  We saw an owl during our early evening hunt.  It was awesome!  The cache is jam packed with stuff.  We took Woody and the Cheerios car, and left a Pennsylvania key ring.  Thanks for taking the time to hide this cache.  Its great to have one so close!
  -  My first cache!  I read about this in the Raleigh N&O and was intrigued, bought a GPS through eBay for $54, and now Im hooked! p Since I live only a mile from Bond Park and Im a longtime orienteerer I thought this would be easy    Oh no!  Finally found the bear on my 3rd visit. p SPOILER INFO FOLLOWS  p Someone has left a bright red towel at the tree to help.  The downed tree is easier to see if you approach from the stream instead of the trail. p P.S. br You need a bigger bear!  Im afraid the scrunched glider will never fly.  Thanx again! br 
  -  I found this one Sunday afternoon 7.15.01. Real nice park. I lived in Cary for 5 years and passed this park at least a hundred times and never gave it a second thought as to checking it out. I will certainly be back. Left a scateboard I got at the Falls Lake cache and also left a dodge viper RT.
  -  Our first find!  Had been out on July 3 with my wife, and we couldnt find it...this time, we had a better idea where to look.  My nine year old took the Pokemon cards, and we left some toys.  A nice walk.
  -  My first geocache find!  Heavy canopy cover prevented my GPS from getting br good signals, but we did eventually find it.  I crossed creek twice looking. br We took work gloves and left a foil pack of Pokemon Fossil, 1st edition br playing/collector cards.   It had rained earlier and the foliage got me soaking br wet!  Great site and my 12 yo son thought that the outing was cool!
  -  Found this one  after trying to approach from the wrong side of the stream .  Good hiding spot in a popular park in Cary.  Almost didnt see it was dark and the blue top made it blend in with surroundings.  Took the fireworks and left leather work gloves  the slinky wouldnt fit through the jar .
  -   A HREF http //www.hwm.f2s.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Much easier to find with the tree on the ground.  Couldnt see it while standing on the trunk though.
  -  Found this on 2nd try with Icvalue and Soaring Hawk.  
  -  Thanks for the update Googalooga!!  It was a big help. We were all around it on the fourth.  Eagle Eye II and Soaring Hawk and I approached it from the far side of the creek this time and shimmied across a log to get over the swollen creek.  We took a Mexican coin, a one dollar bill and a squishy red heart.  We left some belated fourth of July fireworks  NC legal  and some small kids toys.  Thanks for the adventure.  
  -   A HREF http //home.nc.rr.com/googalooga/geocaching.html target _blank Users web page /A  br ANOUNCEMENT! The googalooga cache at Bond Park is still there, but things have changed a bit.  Due to the inactivity I decided to go out there and take a look for myself.  Ran into “haywood” and company who were also looking for it.  The tall living tree with the hollow base has been blown down in a recent storm.  Kudos to haywood for reaching way deep into the nearly inaccessible hollow and finding the cache!  What a guy.  The cache is muddy but in great shape.  It has been replaced in the same spot but it is now visible and readily accessible.  Don’t be fooled by the upright tree with the hollow base that is right near the creek, that is not  and never has been  the cache location.  Happy trails.
  -  Great Hiding place.  My son and I crossed the creek several times before we spotted it.  Unfortunately, the cache was gone!  I stuck my arm in up to my shoulder in all directions, but found only cobwebs!  We still had a great time!
  -  Came, saw, found. Trying to log back caches. Took and left nothing.
  -  Found this one with Trailblazer and Geoscout. I really liked the container.
  -  Found this one with Geoscout and Pathfinder.
  -  My first time visiting Bond Park and Ive lived in Cary over three years. Go Figure?   I didnt realize this was such a great place, I plan to re visit in the near future.  Found the cache on Sunday, the Bear shaped jar was a cool touch.  Left three 1942 U.S. mercury dimes and took the toy chess set and a State Quarter.  Thanks.
  -  Again, what a great hunt. The children loved it. br We took a key chain and a dollar bill. We added br a dollar and a luck bracelet. We will be watching! br Thanks br 
  -  Went to Lake Wheeler this morning and decided to do this in the afternoon.  Took the Millers and had a blast.  Added a keychain with eye glass tools, but did not remove anything.  The hiding place was wonderful! 
  -  Cool Cache, and great Local. It was a nice, cool, wet bushes morning for me to find it and start my day off right. The area is a nice trip in the woods, watch the creeks. I have never been there before so I enjoyed it more. I removed nothing, but I left my traditional mini wooden chess set for those who may follow.  Tejas Native 
  -  Excellent hiding spot, I circled right by it on my first attempt  about two weeks ago  and I was looking right at it for about five minutes before I realized Id found it today.  I think I may have shoved the bear even farther up in the tree than it was before...  so look deep.
  -  We found your cache today. This was our first one. With all the leaves it was hard to get an accurate GPS signal. One minute we were 30 feet away, then we were 75 feet. There are a number of locations in the immediate area. We found a few possible locations for the cache. One, however, had a very, very, very large ugly spider in it. We took an airplane, a keychain, and a light, swapped $1 bills and left a glue stick and an army man.
  -  Saw the dollar bill and keychain; so we must have been just after Racoon.  This was our first find and a great introduction to the sport.  Didnt see any snakes, but we were looking.  Took an airplane; left a North Carolina quarter.
  -  Our second find and what a nice location! My daughter and I had taken  Mrs. Racoon and momma br racoon to the Airport and enjoyed the quick find br We were short on time so the easy access was great. This was our best yet. We found the umstead park cache just after the rangers had removed the actual cache so this was our first br physical find  a ranger business card at the other We were short on cache materials but left a key chain and a dollar bill. Thanks for your effort and great location!  
  -  A couple of my buds and I found our first cache today!  It was an awesome day an we had not a clue what we were doing.  But we found it and spent a nice day at the park.  Took some batteries and a knfir of sorts.  Towards the end of the summer look out for a cache hidden by me and the rest of the Duke field hockey team!!!  
  -  Actually visited and found this cache back on 4 8, but never logged the visit.  This was our first geocache, my wife, friend and his wife all had a blast!  Took some circling around, crawling across logs over the creek, and coming back, but finally found it.  Didnt take anything, but we left a little black penlight. 
  -  I actually got my wife to go with me on my first cache hunt!  From my front door the GPS reported I only had .53 miles to get to the cache.  I had wrongly assumed what part of the park it would be in and the gps quickly informed me of my error.  Adjusted course and located the cache fairly quickly.  Took a little Donald Duck to remember my first cache by and left a watchband compass and some AA batteries. p Tim
  -  Found it today with Daddy, Mr Alan, and Dana. We saw a really big snake. Took a globe ball  Geoball , and left some toys. Thanks! br #1 Son
  -  Went back with my buddy and 2 of our kids. They used the GPS and a compass to find the cache. They were so proud and excited. My son took the Geocache art globe, left several items. My buddy will log the visit soon, he has ideas for a few stashes of our own. Saw a 3 1/2 foot king snake near the cache, we nearly scared it to death crashing through the woods! Thanks again, Googalooga! Three more Geocachers added to the sport today!
  -  My first cache! Nice hiding spot, would be kind of scary to reach into in warmer weather. I didnt take anything, left a Mardi Gras coin, a cellphone style calculator, and a sticker. Once I figured out how to use my new toy, it took me to about 20 feet from the cache. I was impressed, as the sky was pretty cloudy, and a fair number of trees. Thanks, Googalooga!
  -   A HREF http //www.carolinaredclay.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br We circled around once and closed in. It was easy to find once we left the trail.
  -  We ate cheeseburgers while we looked for it.
  -  Once again, Went with Matt, and found this one.  Much easier than the first one today  Jordan Lake .  A rainy day, but fun as heck.  Fantastic hiding spot.  Didnt want to stick my hand in there, but did.
  -   A HREF http //www.mindspring.com/~replay target _blank Users web page /A  br Found it!  In addition to this Most Perfect hiding place, there is another Nearly Perfect hiding place.  So, if you thought you found it but didnt, then keep looking!  This is a great cache to hunt if you want a short walk is a nice park.  Left an original geocache globe.  Enjoyed it, thanks!
  -  A beautiful day! Enjoyed the weather, a dad w/ kids launching model rocket powered UFO, and a couple flying a kite on the way to your cache. I plan to take my daughter and her best friend back to Bond Lake on Sunday, as she is expressing interest in the adventure. Thatll be great.
  -  This was my first cache! Nice spot and a beautiful day for a short hike in the woods.
GCFA08: 
  name: Now were cooking...  by Paintfiction
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=6d485175-8389-476a-930d-16e625d53d01&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Grabbed this one after work. Quite a few muggles around the area. I had to sit in my car for nearly 20 minutes to wait them out. Finally they left and I made my move. TFTHSL. 
  -  Thank goodness for gardeners.  SL, Thanks,
  -  Found during a quick lunch stop.  Except for the bathing beauty, no one else was around.  SL and TFTH!
  -  It is allways ez at 7 00 in the morning everone was sleepn . br Wish I had some firecrackers to wake them up..lol br Allthatnme br Nick Jenn
  -  Found this one on a downtown raleigh run before the heat got to me. TFTC SL. 
  -  Thanks to Dash9, I was more successful this time.  I guess we should have looked a little harder for alternative locations.  Thanks for the hide!!
  -  after riding in circles I spotted it. log was wet os I did a quick dry on the hood. replaced the bag. doc was in town. TFTC SL
  -  I was really off when I started thinking about where this one was going to be... When the GPS kept pointing further and further, the lightbulb came on and we knew we were hot. p Great cache. p  SL
  -  The cache wasnt where the owner had originally placed it. I managed to locate it an replaced it where it was supposed to be. Once I found the cache container, it was obvious where it was supposed to be. Anyway, the log was rather wet, but at least folks should be able to find this one quickly now.
  -  Hmmm.  Felt pretty sure we knew where wed find this but came up empty.  We werent bashful as we tried every possible nook and cranny we could find   but   nope, not this time!!
  -  24th of many with Geologygirl on tour of area. TFTH/SL.
  -  Thanks for the quick park and grab.  Out caching with Billwolf1 and USMC2052 today.  SL  TFTH
  -  found it with the gang. nice hided
  -  Found this one while out caching today with USMC2052 and JGH Team.  Took the RBC pin and left a del Sol ring.  TFTH
  -  First of the day, thanks for starting us off with a find!
  -  First of Twelve Finds for Handy Find & me today.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Enjoyed the hunt for my first micro.SL
  -  Found it! Wow, without the hint I dont think I would have found it. Great hint! br Talk about high risk   I think there were about a half dozen folks watching me as I stumbled around looking for it   a bit embarrasing for a newbie such as myself. p I left it out in the sun to dry for a few minutes before replacing it.
  -  The last one of the day    the kids went crazy over this one.  Grandson found $1 in it.  We didnt have small things so left a hair clip.  Happy New Year!
  -  A Little late logging but found with GRANPA ALEX.Thanks for the cache. p rldill
  -  Thanks for a nice cache . . . a quick grab is nice in a city of micros.  br Granpa Alex
  -  Nice hide, would never know it was there unless you knew what you were looking for.  It was dark out when I went and it was still easy to find. Log is still wet and smells bad too. ;  
  -  Another great lunchtime cache! The log is a little soggy but not ruined. You might want to remove the top few pages and replace the bag.
  -  Quick find.  The place was dead on a cold day like today.  Dumped the water out of the cache container.  Cheers.
  -  Found this one on return from mountains. Nice hide.SL,TFTH. br  hbohill,Jean & Binky dog person 
  -  It was a quick find, easy to spot. SL
  -  TNLNSL
  -  Can you Smelllllll what the Paint is cooking!!!  That was my cheap attempt at mimicking the WWE wrestler The Rock. p TFTF br Dwaine W/ img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  Cindy
  -  Easier in the daytime, and the thunder shower cleared the area out.
  -  found with TKMac and lindsychris.  we used to stay here, so it was nice to come back for a visit!
  -  Quickly found this one while caching with LindsyChris and Velkie.  Great location! br TKMac
  -  Found today with TKMac and Velkie.  Great area for us, we used to stay nearby when visiting KMac. p Great way to hide the cache!
  -  Since we couldnt  make it to Summer Fun we were determined to cache at least once between commitments. This was once was perfect! It was at dusk and somebodys kids were raising a ruckus nearby...which provided great cover for us to locate and grab the cache. The log was just a tiny bit damp when we opened it. I repackaged it carefully...but there might be a mildew problem down the road.
  -  I like this one....find ##99!! Wahoo! br 
  -  Found it right before a meeting.  After locating the cache I removed it and took it to the truck to sign the log.  When I went to replace the cache a guy was standing inside the adjacent area.  I told him that I was reading something.  He kept watching me so I turned around and walked off with the cache in hand.  The guy set up shop in the area and kept watching me.  So I left and took the cache with me.   br After my meeting I went back and replaced the cache.  Therefore the cache was technically missing from about 7 15 pm to 9 00 pm.  I apologize to anyone who may have been hunting for it during that time but I thought it would be better do this than have the cache muggled.
  -  This cache is much easier at night, although I still felt a little suspicious.  I looked for 5 minutes or so before finding the cache, and then made ghost before the cops got called/showed up.  
  -  1 50   Found with Penguincacher.  We figured out the location in no time but certainly felt the watchful eyes... managed for Penguincacher to make a quick grab so we could get back to the car.  We were in and out on this one very quickly. br TNLNSL
  -  Found today with Gecko757.  Figured out where it was, but felt like all eyes were on me.  Wondered if someone thought I was up to no good.  Grabbed it, went back to the car to log, and quickly put it back and high tailed it out of there.  On our way home to Virginia.  After a weekend of very interesting micros, we will certainly be throwing a monkey wrench into the caching community in Hampton Roads. Thanks for another great cache.  TNLNSL
  -  DrFred and I must be on the same caching schedule. We endured the cleaners occasional evil eye while searching, and DrFred located the cache.
  -  Ran into miscmayhem for a second time while looking for this one.  It took a few minutes, but we eventually found it.  Thanks for the hide!
  -  Red Wolf was disappointed   still no bikinis.  Granddaughter found very quickly.  SL
  -  This was your toughest yet.  But we found it none the less.  Thanks very much.  TNLN
  -  Found this on my way to work at 6 00am, cant get more discreet than that. Nice hide!  SL
  -  Just noticed this was back up, so Ken went and found it on the way home from work. These Paintfiction micros make good night finds. TNLNSL   thanks for the cache!
  -  Unarchived.
  -  The log is high and dry.  Go check it out!  No bikinis around there this time of year though...
  -  Archived until owner can retrieve/replace log. p honeychile  admin  br geocaching.com
  -  I was in Raleigh from Florence SC on business.  Thought Id do some hunts. p Whew, high risk, Ill say..... Lots of people around the pool.  Awesome hide.  I cant believe no ones found this one.   p Log and cache is soaked.  Didnt sign it but did take a picture. p Thanks for the hunt and thanks Raleigh for all the great caches.   p 
  -  Found it, couldnt sign it. p Did some acting, took a tape measure, dozens of pix of the cache, crawled around taking notes, yelled numbers at the wife, had a great time.  Folks watched us for a bit, we kept up at it, they got bored, we got the stash. p Then couldnt sign it.   EWWWWW! p 2nd of the Raleigh Short Roundup. p Pix available for the owner for proof if so desired. p Owner is now in Florida per his registration page.  Can a Raleigh Resident Cacher please adopt this cache or at least replace the log?  Thanks. p  edited for umbrage. 
  -   A HREF http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Easy find.  Absolutely perfect coordinates!  As JoeyBob mentioned, the log was totally soaked.  I didnt even try to pull it out because it was so sodden   \. p Got some really strange looks from a mother/son who were nearby. p  MarkRebuck,   a href http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank visit link /a   
  -  Like others have said, out in plain sight. Found this one as the sun was starting to come up, so not many onlookers. The log is a sodden mass of paper, and cannot be written on. Emptied as much water as I could, left the game token in the cache. TLC is required from the owner! br JoeyBob
  -  Found it!  My second paintfiction cache for today.  In Raleigh from South Carolina.  TNLNSL.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  Just like the man said!  Right there    once you find it, you cant miss it!  Thanks for the fun.  JuneFlowers
  -   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Found at 8 20pm p In town for a few days of business and decided to visit a few micros ... the GPSr gave this one away too quickly.  Thanks for the hunt. p 
  -  Whoa!  Found this after a few minutes.  My first attempt at one of the Paintfiction caches.  Sure was nervous looking around and not wanting to be spotted.  Thanks for the neat ideas!  Signed log, TNLN.
  -  2nd urban effort and great fun   Lots of nice scenery here and cache is not hard to spot   Its amazing how people ignore folks with clipboards who look as if they know what theyre doing   Log is still soaking wet so I left mine on another piece of paper which is no doubt wet by now   Thanx for the fun   Ponder br 
  -  Thanks for the hunt. Log Book VERY wet, could not write in it. Needs to be replaced.
  -  A great cache!  The overcast day made it difficult for my GPS 15 to average the satellites, and making for a challenging find.  I couldnt believe how much in plain sight it is.  The log is VERY wet... left a 5 Yen coin, believed to be good luck. p Frozen Monkey + 2.
  -  If it were a snake it would have bite me.  This is not a hint.   It is incredibly visible!  p  last edit  7/1/2003 10 30 47 PM PST 
  -   A HREF http //toadstool.sh/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Did this one with Sallad. 
  -  Finally found this today.  I saw it when I walked up.  I had a feeling of where it was but was nervous about someone wondering what I was doing.  Logs are getting really soggy.
  -  Got this on my second try.  Too many bikinis to concentrate my first time.
  -  Found w/CCCA. Thanks for a fun find!  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  p {logged in as TheREALBug}
  -  You guys certainly have GUTS down here!  WOW so close to so many people & oddly enough, nobody seems to care!  LOVED IT!  #9 of the morning still on the way to Flag Day@Durant Park.
  -  Second micro of four today. A passer by wanted to know if he could help with whatever it was that I was doing. I told him that my wife had dropped a favorite earring and I thought I could find it myself. He moved on without further comment. The cache is in good condition and IS plainly visable. Wow!
  -  I stopped by this one on my way to a meeting and my GPS even had under a foot as the distance.  I didnt see anything and I felt a little nervous being on private property, there was an older couple looking at me, so I left.  I have to go by there in a couple weeks for another meeting so Ill try again.
  -  Third of three PF micro finds tonight. This one is really out in the open. Enjoyed some nice scenery while on the hunt too.
  -  I thought since Paintfiction was flooding the area with micros, the least i could do was try to find them. I went out of order, but this was my first micro. So far 3 out of 4. I left a Susan B Anthony coin.
  -  This cache placement deserves the GUTS award. Definitely in plain sight, but should remain unmolested due to the surroundings. There were plenty of muggles coming and going, but they all wseemed to have better things to do than pay us any attention. TNLN and thanks for the fun.
  -  logging
  -  This one was cool, I was wolking by it over and over, and the gps was going crazy but Jarocha came to the rescue and fund it. Tks. 4 the fun.
  -  First find.  Not too easy, not too difficult.  Great fun.  Took a bullet key ring, left a cut gemstone.
  -  Took nothing br Left trade mark key ring
  -  Great hiding spot. My first micro cache. Took nothing and left nothing. Just signed the log.
  -  Took some stalking because of a lot of activity, but we finally zeroed in on it.  TN/LN
  -  sweet hide....found quick and easy.. p  br took nothing and left namco game token p 2 hawkeyes br 
  -  my partner helped with this one also.but i still found it on my own.it was a good hide.
  -  Very clever hiding spot.  I like the urban cache idea!  Welcome to Raleigh. p Jeff, Traci, Wes and Sid br The Davis Family
  -  Nice placement.  Looked right at it several times before recognizing the cache container.  Thanks for an interesting micro.  Welcome to NC. p NCTreker
  -  In the dark, in the rain, low battery, broken arm,  8th of the day.  booooo yaaaa!   p Great hide, liked the official container.  look forward to your next one!  thanks for the hunt, p Fishingfools
  -   br Went to dinner on Capital Blvd. and found this cache. This cache has been busy today. Quick find in the open. I checked in, took a room and signed the log. p Thanks for the hunt! p  p  last edit  4/18/2003 5 04 39 PM PST 
  -  I was 4th.  Busy place today!  Great coordinates, even in the rain.  Dashed in and out right after work.  Creative placement, but I was dumb enough to stick my hand down that little pipe full of water  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle .  Dont bother trying that future cachers!
  -  First find at 10 30am.  There were actually two people enjoying?? the cool weather in the area.  Wasnt sure if they were cacher owners or muggles, so I just cached and dashed.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  2nd finder. br Welcome to the area!  Look forward to meeting you at an event and finding more of your future caches.  br Got this one after finding the reincarnation of Snicket.  Took 2nd finder prize  I used to collect coins too .  Liked the log   have a template youd share?  Thanks for the hunt. br nittany dave 
GCDDEB: 
  name: Happy Happy Joy Joy by BillyAndKak
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=552ddb38-387b-462d-b36b-2cd70b2fbf7f&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Very little bushwacking was needed to get to this one. The construction in the area just provides a minor obstacle that can easily be avoided. The Little Cachette took something and left something but not sure what! Thanks for the cache.
  -   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle Caching with Team Eminwf today, and very much enjoying this park. Construction has ruined the approach to this cache, but with some relocation, a good thing can be continued. Kids thrilled with yet more  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  happy meal type toys. Mom thrilled with drink machines that take credit cards.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle TFTC!
  -  The cache is still there and chock full of happy meal toys. The kids were very excited to do this cache  re  happy meal toys  but it is not appropriate for young  or whiney  children now.   p The construction has blocked off the paved path and the moderate walk has changed to a 500 ft bushwack through thick underbrush.  Considering I had to use some cattails as stepping stones this cache will probably be very difficult to get to if it ever rains.   p T  Happy meal toys and ticks  shudder  L  Happy meal toys
  -  Was out at this park today caching & my friend & she was going to do this one   I already did in the spring  however a ton of new land clearing was going on today for more fields for USA baseball in the very same area as the cache spot . Huge possibility that the cache might have been bull dozed away!
  -  M found this one quickly.  Nice hide.  TNLNSL.
  -  Nifty location. Im I took the hard way, bushwacking about 600 feet, but it was fun anyway. TNLN
  -  Yay! My 100th cache. Surreal location for a cache. I enjoyed it.
  -  Some serious bushwacking, thorns, and ticks.  Found it with Reward.  Left Bee ads, took pinwheel.
  -  Theres a park?  And a trail? p Hm... p We came in from the Green Hope School  ?  road and walked the gravel road until I cut through the brush. p Left the kids out on the road...  Lots of bugs and itchy things in there today! br 
  -  TFTC.
  -  What fun! We were at the park for daughter #1s softball clinic, so this made a nice diversion. 3 hours of watching little girls chase balls through a field is a little much. Trail was a little mucky today, but not too bad. Took Spongebob Travel Bug, left Incredibles disk shooter. SL
  -  Hurray!  We have the whole clan here searching for this cache, Billwolf1, USMC2052 and JGH Team joined us at the park.  Found this one just after hearing about the Popes death on NPR.  TNLNSL  TFTH
  -  Was out with the whole family, found this cache TFTH/TNLNSL. Watch out for ticks, they are out now.
  -  What a rainy day for geocaching.  The whole gang showed up for this cache.  Found it with HuntersGlenn, JGH Team and USMC2052.  Thanks, the cache was very full, good to see that.  TNLNSL  TFTH
  -  TFTC SL TNLN nice little hike great spot
  -  Very nice park.  You feel like you have passed through 4 or 5 eco zones on the short hike to this cache.  We left the Sponge Bob travel bug, a mini wooden tumble tower  like Jenga , and a Zoe  Elmos friend on Sesame Street kids meal toy.  We took the wooden puzzle left by Hex the Kiwi and a mini frizbee with and easter bunny in it. p  This entry was edited by LEDZ and Orange Boy on Sunday, March 27, 2005 at 6 33 16 PM. 
  -  Used this one to introduce some New Zealand friends of ours to geocaching. Cache was nice and dry. br Took Puss in Boots, left wooden puzzle. br Thanks for the hunt. 
  -  Nice little walk to this cache.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Stopped by so jklGoDuke could pick up the smoochy TB for our upcoming trip to MO.  I grabbed a windup boat toy and we left  a helicopter and a lizard.  I think we found an easier way in and out this time, although it may have just been the season.  TFTC   again!
  -  This was a quick park and grab.  We had a great time on a nice mild winter day. p Left a small baseball helmet, took a Jaffar toy. p Thanks for the fun find!
  -  This was a neat location.  Scruffy found it to be a nice place to lay down and relax.  We needed to eventually rely on our eyes in order to locate the cach.  Thanks for the hide!!
  -  We found this one today with the help of our dog Bailey.  He sniffed it out for us!  Left Smoochy Smoochy Travel Bug.  Also left a Snoopy stuffed animal.  Took the Penguin car.  Too much fun...
  -  This was a easy find and was much needed after all the micros earlier in the day, we came in from the back side which was a much shorter route. Cache was in good shape. br Thanks br rldill & JO_JO
  -  Thanks for a nice cache . . . came in the back way for a great time and distance reduction   good cache, nice hide   ya done good! br Granpa Alex
  -  I went in the looooonnnnggg way to this one. On the way out I found the way which involves less bushwacking. Nice & dry despite all the recent rain. Good cache   thanks! TNLNSL.
  -  3rd time is the charm, apparently... or maybe it was the fact that i didnt bring my two year old.  Shes not a fan of the thick woods you have to go through to get to this one.  I saw a cool flower on the way in.  Ill post a picture and maybe someone can tell me what it is.  While i was signing the log, i heard a snort and looked up to see a deer about 30 feet off, running away.  I must have missed it  and it me  on the way in.  Took a little fairy with flappy wings and left a MicroPet that looks kind of like a panda.
  -  Came out here after playing in the sand and the big tunnel slide with little 1100101.  She was agreeable enough at first  find a toy... in a hole... i get to pick... find something...   but about the time we got right on top of it  according to the GPS  she had had enough  go home, my house .  I looked around for a minute or two, but had to give it up.  Alas... another day.  We did see a deer jump across the road, though.
  -  cool cache br out bobblehead,horse br in  tinkerbell, sieve br in/out Blueberry TB br Thanks for the smiley! br Rixart Huluvu,Emilymaus
  -  Found this one with my almost 3 year old son while my wife  jklGoDuke  was out at a caving meeting.  Had a bit of trouble because we didnt bring a good compass.  Finally stumbled upon the cache.  Son took a small car and I grabbed a mini lighthouse.  Left a pinwheel and a small orange scooter.  The Allen Iverson TB also made a brief appearance as its traveling with me this week.
  -  Nice cache . . . loaded with goodins & clean   THANKS br Granpa Alex
  -  On the way in thought the briars were bad, but on the way out found that the ticks were even worse!  Found it anyway and did a little trading including a Shrek 2 Puss in Boots toy from BK on the way to the park.   The third of six finds today.
  -  It was hot today and in work clothes not too fun.  Thanks anyway for a relatively quick find.  The cache was completely uncovered   hid back appropriately before leaving.
  -  Found with jklGoDuke.  Now I have an account of my own!
  -  Very nice park   ended up sitting in the car for a while while my son finished his nap, then we went after the cache.  I should know better than to try geocaching with shorts on   those pretty white flowers have thorns!  My son was delighted by all of the toys in the cache, and finally chose a King Mickey Mouse windup toy.  I grabbed a tiny green mug.  We left Snow white and a little green flute.  Caught a tick walking across my lap, so we made tracks back to the car.  CITO!
  -  First of the day for us, nice park, easy walk.  Took Chancy and a toy car, left two replacement toys and an Iraqi 5 Dinar bill.  Would the next finder please write RubiconRob, 28 Mar 04 on it?  I forgot and would like to see where it turns up.  Thanks.  The picture is a semi spoiler so dont look if it spoilers bother you. p RR, SigO, and the LittleJeepers
  -  We found this one at about noon.  Neat cache in a nice place.  I concealed it a little better.  The snow must have pushed the concealment aside.  TNLNSL.  Thanks very much
  -  Nice area. Wouldnt want to know what the ticks are like in the summer  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Red Wolf Team   12 31 03    12 30 pm br This was a good hide in a very nice park. Enjoyed it. br Took 2 coins and left 2 Red Wolf geo badges. Thanks br for the hunt and the fun.
  -  This was a great place for a hunt.  It was quite dense as we got closer.  The kids had a great time playing with all the toys.  We took the 3D game and lighted toy.  Left the Pokemon compass and Santa.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Densely packed forest and thorns thorns thorns make this one interesting to get to. Lots of toys.  Liked the location.  Took carbiner and left bottle opener. SL. br 
  -  Neat hiding spot.. Still a few sticker bushes, ouch!. I was in shorts on this hot November day..Great day for a hunt.. img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  85 deg outside today. Found it with my brother and his son. Thanks Wild Bill 535  3Bs  br IN  Parachute man br Out  Baseball key chain
  -  Found it. Lots of cool fast food toys.  br I took a Godzilla toy  big fan, Im 5  and venom car  a huge fan of spider man . The godzilla toy is from the Godzilla movie in 1998. What a find!!! p Left a mint in the wrapper Spy Kids 3D comic with 3D  glasses and Juni action figure in a space suit. p This is the coolest cache I have found  except for all of the stickers and tall weeds . p Godzilla Jr.
  -  Found it. Had to do some bushwacking to get to it. Godzilla Jr. did not like the dense area. Lots of stickers and stuff.  p TN/LN/SL p Mothra
  -  Happy Happy #75 for The Alethiometrists! This was a pretty quick find   only about 150 feet of off trail, and a geo trail is starting to form along that part  though do be careful of a few thorns . The actual cache area is very nice, with many small pines. Amelia found the cache itself. We came for Kalis Key to My Heart travel bug, which we were happy to find. We meant to bring a Happy Meal toy, but left it in the car, so instead we left $2 in Canadian coins   a loonie and four Canadian quarters. Also left an Alethiometrists bag tag. Thanks for the cache!
  -   A HREF http //toadstool.sh/ target _blank Users web page /A  br I came to this cache a few weeks ago after work, and was surprised by the thick brush. I was wandering for about 25 minutes in my nice dress clothing for work, getting some minor holes in my slacks. During which, I struck myself in the eye. I searched on for another 5 minutes with one hand  over my eye, and then conceded defeat.  I was embarrassed, knowing that several people used this cache as their very first geocache and found it without issue. My eye was in pain for the rest of the evening. p So, I came back friday from work. This time, I was wearing jeans, and had no plans to poke my eye out. I told myself  Not only am I going to do this, but Im going to do it without a GPS, since I knew I was in the right area. I set a timer, and jogged from my car, to the cache, finding the cache within 2 minutes, logging myself, and jogging back. Elapsed time  10m3s.  p Revenge. Thanks for the fun!  p 
  -  Parked pretty close by and only bushwacked in the final 120 feet.  Nice easy find.  TNLN.  I think I must have come in from the backside, I never saw a park.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   Nice hide. p NCTreker
  -  We were the only ones in the park.  We walked the paved service road and bushwhacked a short distance.  Left Kalis Key to My Heart TB.
  -   A HREF http //www.ibiblio.org/sallad/gallery/geocache target _blank Users web page /A  br I took my friend out for his first cache to this one.  We had some trouble at first but finally found it.  We found some ticks and the grass is getting pretty packed down from the trail to the cache.
  -  Found it this evening ... didnt realize this park was there.  Well hidden... starting to get weedy.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  I returned with my friend Dave.  This was Daves first cache and I let him do everything. p I also returned because I took a toy last time and didnt put a toy in.  I left a Star Wars Let the force decide top.  Its like a magic 8 ball but you spin it and the answer lights up and it plays music. p Thanks. p Chris
  -   A HREF http //wolfhusky.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br What a great day for a walk! Were learning that part of the trick to navigating by GPS is to guess where the path turns ahead of you and when its time to go bushwacking through the woods. Found this one without too many problem. Took Lion King figurine, left dog figurine.  Thats a very cool Stitch bobble head in there, too, but I didnt have anything with me to swap for that one... 
  -  Great spot.  I had too make it a little more difficult so I hiked through the briars.  Took the path on the way out though! TN/LN
  -  Yea, its spring again. I love to cache on the motorcycle, you already have long pants and boots on. Driving on some semi country back roads in 70 weather is great. When I turned into the park I thought I was back at the Ball & Chain cache. Some of these Cary parks look the same, very nice. I found the cache in good shape but it did take a little while, there are thousands of mounds of pine straw everywhere with no knowing if the cache was even in any of them. I left the happy couple and took the TB and the doodle art set for Boys and their toys.
  -  Coordinates right on  again.   Nice sports complex.  Cary does seem to have the neatest parks around.  We took a Samuri Jack toy and left Doodle pen top.  We also dropped off Sammy the Sailfish TB   he wants to head to salt water.  Thanx for the hunt! p Jeff, Traci, Wes and Sid br The Davis Family
  -  I found this cache this afternoon.  This was both my first cache and my fathers first cache.  My father is from Torrington, CT and I am right down the street in Cary Park. p This cache was in good shape, nothing was wet.  We took a daisy duck toy, but did not have a toy to give, so left some money.  I will probably return with a toy next time. p This was great!
  -   A HREF http //duffie.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br What fun.  This was our first cache and it was a good challenge.  That box was LOADED with stuff.   p  br 
  -  Found this one but forgot to log it until 5/4.
  -  very nice spot, hard to be seen from trail, grassland should cut down on trail formation.  Nice new park. Cache is very well stocked, and well hidden.  Took Baloo toy, left Simba bobblehead, mini frisbee, green mug, and a Fishingfools bag tag.  Thanks for the hunt, p Fishingfools 
  -  Neat park. Lots of frogs singing. Left Daisey Duck, took hot wheels car.
  -  Interesting area, TNLN
  -  Nice park.  My sons have had soccer games here in the past.  Easy walk and find.  The frogs were really making lots of noise!  br TNLN. Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Nice park, nice short hike, my wife walked right to it! TNLN. A beautiful day in the park! Thanks for providing a fun outing.  Mybrothersonlybrother and wife
  -   br Found this one via the quick way in. Well stocked cache and hidden in a nice area. Coordinates are great. p TN/LN p Thanks for the hunt! br 
  -   Third find on a beautiful afternoon. Found it pretty quickly once I got into the area.  Resist the urge to go bushwacking until the last moment.  This is one of the best stocked caches I have ever seen; the drive in must love you guys.  Left a Hot Wheels Geo Blaster  still in its wrapper  and took a Chipmunks Cable Car. I think it will become my next travel bug. 
  -   Very well hidden.  I searched for over an hour for this one.  The pines make the GPS go a little crazy, but it looks like the coordinates were close once I got a good siginal.  Left a wheres george, and took a little toy.  OH YEAH, ANOTHER FIRST  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle .   Theres another way in that doesnt require you to go through the park, but the park is nice. p  last edit  3/4/2003 9 33 02 AM PST  p  last edit  3/4/2003 9 33 21 AM PST 
GCBBB1: 
  name: Casey at the Cache by karennc
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=04d642d0-853e-46de-aed9-6c580ccf6d36&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Went with dewpoint52 expecting a park and grab, but it took us a while, and soon it got too dark to see. We saw many trees with the characteristics stated in the additional hint, but apparently we were looking in the wrong areas. br  The trail was really pretty, though, and even though we didnt find it, we still had fun. I ran into several spider webs; none of which appeared to have spiders on them, so thats a plus  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle .  br  Ill have to try again later   maybe around lunchtime instead of dusk  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_clown.gif border 0 align middle . Ill be sure to print out the true spoiler picture next time I look for it  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  #10 of the day for our Cary Caching Marathon... p Cool park.  Never knew it was there. p SL   TFTH
  -  Cache owner has not logged on in three months, but hopefully still reads the e mails notifying of a cache find.  I enjoyed finding the cache, and thank the owner for placing it.  However the cache does need maintenance.  The log book is full, the pen is empty, the cover of the container is cracked, though not yet leaking.  Thanks!  ~erik~
  -  In the Cary area and picked up a few caches as well.  Thanks for the hunt.  tnln sl
  -  This was a nice fun cache to find.  Wish more were like this.  Good job!  TNLNSL
  -  The five helpers we had really were great. It was their first geocache and they liked it. They really were excited when they found the container.
  -  GPSr was bouncing around taking me everywhere but the cache. br Finally saw something about 50ft away that made me think Hmmm. TNLN SL. Thanks for the hide.
  -   img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle first find. just looking. tried to sign the log but the pen ran out of ink. p thanks & have fun.
  -  Enjoyed my finding my first cache.
  -  Nice cache near a couple of nice parks. The log book is full...we added a page so we could sign it. The Little Cachette took a game and left a puzzle. Thanks for the cache.
  -  This was my very first find.  Im hooked. TNLNSL
  -  Quick find. Thanks for the adventure!
  -  A nice stroll along the greenway before it got too hot today.  My son enjoyed the playground afterwards.  Boy what a lot of construction going on in the vicinity.  Took Dream Bike TB and left a sugar bear  put in canister to keep sugar fresh and not clumpy .  TFTH
  -  Quick find today while out for lunch.  TNSL.  Left the Dream Bike TB for a future finder.  Cache was uncovered so I recovered it with local materials to make it less visible from the trail.
  -   STRONG N 35° 48.000 W 078° 47.433 /STRONG  br Was on my way to the new Lowes after work, so thought Id take 15 minutes and try to find this one. Just like HandyFind, my GPSr pointed me into the closed off area. I decided to search some and found the cache within 10 minutes. Im guessing that it has been moved from its original location, so I took some new avg coordinates of where I found the cache with my 60CS. br I put an Activision Grand Prix handheld race game into the cache and took a green lantern figure. Nice cache Casey! TFTH! 
  -  I tried to go for this one after winning my match today, but the trail that my GPSr took me to is now closed off with orange fences, and there are very large pine trees that were just cut, laying all over the trail making them impassable.
  -  So, once again were out in the waning daylight with no information on the caches we intend to find other than, you know, the waypoint and GC #s as GSAK downloads them. p Duh. p JustMike mentioned Well, theres a Regular 1/1.5 2.9 miles away.  Cant be too tough, right? p Heh. p Autoroute dumped us at the end of some cul de sac in a high brown hood where every third house seemed to be occupied... and quite nicely so.  No sounds of Deliverance playing in the background here.  But, by this time, were far away from the suburbanesque lights and its dark.  Like, way dark.  But were, maybe, 420 away. p JustMike suggests, Well, we could walk through the backyard of one of the unoccupied houses. p With a very crappy flashlight.  With a 5yo in tow.  Down a ravine.  In the dark? p Not yet willing to give up, we realized the shopping complex next door was well lit and decided to head over in that direction to see what it might bring.  One nice catch basin very smartly fenced off in the direction of the cache of course.  However, we could see the skate park just beyond the mire and figured wed give that a try. p Lo and behold, as we pulled into the park parking lot, the ge ometer ran down to only a couple hundred feet from where we were.  Phew.  We were on the right track, which, after all of these recent half assed find attempts and logging DNFs is a good thing, you know? p So there are only about 20 guys playing basketball and another dozen at the skate park. p We are two adults and one 5yo, walking between both well lit courts.  Heading into the dark forest.  Yeah, Im pretty sure we looked like tards. p As we get halfway there, the 5yo pipes up and says rather smartly, I left the flashlight in the car. p Goody! p Surely this 1/1.5 wont be tough enough to find that we have to go back and get the flashlight, right?  Were ONLY 116 away! p Into the woods we go.  JustMike had the GPSr, and RealityChecks hand. p I had the cell phone. p What was I going to do?  Call someone and weep?  Dial 911?  Call a geo lifeline?  Get someone on the west coast to read me hints or cache logs?
  -  None of the above!  I was gonna use that dim 1 x 1 screen, dammit, to search for that box under all of those fallen trees and leaves! p Well, that was the plan, anyway. p JM gestures around to tell me we were in the right area.  Of course we cant see fer nuthin  but I tell you, the lack of undergrowth around here is smashing good!  You can be stupid AND safe!  and it quickly becomes obvious the coordinates are nowhere near to the right place. p Oh goody... again! p No idea how long we banged around in here.  In the dark every minute is at least 10.  If we faced up hill, we couldnt see a thing b/c of the bright lights at the skate park.  If we faced downhill, we couldnt see a thing because, well... it was just dark. p Somehow we ended up working our way closer to the trail and on one more downhill pass, I saw the glow of the white lid in the dark... peeking out from underneath half of a log. p Thank God. p I poked it with my Pokey Stick to make sure it was what we were seeking and called JM and RC over for a look see. p Box open. p Overfull log book and all the extra papers out. p Hand cache to the kid so she can fish through it. p Wait...  theres no pen in the baggie.  Hand the box back! p Box back. No friggin pen. THREE unsharpened pencils tho, mind you.  But, theres NO PEN! p I take one out and start to gnaw on the end trying to break down the wood enough to scribble something. p Do you have a knife?, I asked JM.  He scoffed.  I figure if I keep asking, eventually... one day... he will have one. p What are you going to do, sign it with blood?  Something like that, yeah. p He told me hed head back to the rig to get the pen wed been toting around with us all evening. p RC wasnt too thrilled we were now alone in the dark.  She started singing.  I kept gnawing. p Just as I was finally getting to a piece of led that wasnt broken, a flashlight broke through the darkness and JM returned with a pen. p Phew! p We did our civic duty and signed the log book... rehid the cache so it wasnt quite as obvious, and took new coordinates. p In a nutshell, the cache is about 60 off... and closer to the trail than the coordinates took us. p Thanks!
  -  Who needs a stinkin flashlight when caching in dark? CurmudgeonlyGal, RealityCheck  5yo  and I thrashed about in the dark looking for this elusive easy find. After 3 or 4 weeks, CGal found the cache  yes, it was completely uncovered . Then, theres no working pen in said cache. So.... off I go back to the car for a flashlight  with nearly dead batteries  and purple felt tip pen  no, there was no grown up ballpoint pen in the car . Then back to the cache where Cgal and kiddo are waiting, patiently, in the dark. wow. TNLN. 
  -  TFTC SL took dog and car left clip watch and fashion clip watch great spot nice hike
  -  TNLNSL
  -  Nice semi warm afternoon.  Had a nice hike with the kids.  Almost gave up then we saw it quite a bit away from where GPSr was pointing us.  Took McDonalds toy and left some shells and a corvette.
  -  I took my daughter with me for the first time and she was thrilled when we discovered the cache.  We took Curious George and left an Extreme skateboard keychain.  TFTH.
  -  Found our first Cache.  Tried to find it earlier in the week with my Yellow Etrex and couldnt quite get it.  So used the Etrexs Bearing along with my compass to help find it. Nice hide.  Needs a new log book...its full.
  -  Our first find!  Took a blue car and left a Shark Tales game.
  -  16th of 23 for the day. TNLNSL. Thanks for the hunt.
  -  We found it.  It took two attempts but that was a fun park for us and the kids.  Thanks.  Things do look a bit different then the pictures.
  -  Nicely hidden,  Enjoyed the Park.  Took Camo tape and left a Wheresgeorge $.  SL   TFTC
  -  Just HAD to do this as the concert band I play in had recently played Casey at the Bat in our last concert!! Looks like there have been some changes to what is described in the hint recently but it is evident that it used to be as described.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p SL   TNLN   my last successful find in NC this visit p T4TC
  -  Dropped TB into Cache 
  -  Good cache!  Took the New Zealand coin & watch & left slap braclet & airplane.
  -  took slap braclet left Red caraiber key chain great cache for son in law first time.  he is hooked. SL
  -  My wife and I go to this park once or twice a week to play tennis and never knew this trail was there.  I love how Geocaching gets you out to places you have never noticed.  Found the cach without much trouble.  Left camo tape, took Napoleon Dynamite trading card  what a great movie  p  This entry was edited by jwsmith6 on Monday, January 10, 2005 at 6 50 23 AM. 
  -  This was a good find, but the biggest find was the skate park and watching the bmx riders. Z is finally ready to learn to ride.  Thanks for getting us out to this park!  We took some toy coins and left a watch.  This was our fifth for the day and the first for A.
  -  Came across a man and his sons who were trying to find the same cache. So turned around and let them seek. Not sure that they found it. We found the box after about 10 15 minutes.  Our first find! Took the britsh penny left yesterday and left a coin from the United Arab Emirates.  br This cache needs another log book. We left a piece of notebook paper...
  -  Nice warm winter day. My son and I found it relatively easily.  Took an oriental coin, left an old British penny.
  -  Thank you! We took a yoyo and left a match box car.
  -  This was our first cache!  Just logged our visit, as we didnt have anything to trade, but we had fun    br 
  -  Found the cache.  First one ever for my wife, daughter, and myself.  Took a small green frog, left a Y100 coin. p Took about 10 minutes, but from the right angle it was easy to spot. p Jerome
  -  Our first cache as well. Got a GPS for Christmas and had to try it out. It was an overcast day with a cold wind but we had fun. Left a tiny mickey mouse toy, took a net/ball game. Thanks!  br P.S. your log book is full.
  -  Our first cache!  Thanks to our friends the HashCachers  see previous comment  for introducing us to the sport.  Well hopefully have many more successes   and a few failures     to report from Holland and around.
  -  We tried to show our friends visiting from Holland how great it is to have a geocache right in our backyard, but we failed to find it on our first try. Had to cheat and print out the photo and although the area no longer looks the same because of the storms, we were finally able to find it. Good thing we didnt try a 4 or 5 on the difficulty scale or we would have really been in trouble.
  -  5 00PM Staying at Rolling View Campground in the Falls Lake Recreation Area for the weekend, geocaching was the name of the game. Took a shot at the Micros of Raleigh, but between the police training exercise on Saturday and the angst of hunting city micros in general, I retreated to the woods img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle . p Found this one on my bike trying to get it and ANOTHER AMMO CAN before dark. TNLNSL. The log book is slam full img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle , needs a new one. 54° and sunny, so... br YBindoors img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found cache after a nice short walk on a great fall day. All was in good shape. Thanks 
  -  Its been here a long while but still clean & dry, nice cache after nearly dos anos. Thanks karennc! br Granpa Alex
  -  This was the first of four caches we attempted today and was a good one to use to introduce some friends to the sport. Got to the location easily, but took a few minutes to locate the cache. br Took  A tennis ball   Left  Bernard from The Rescuers br Great cache. Thanks.
  -  We finally found it.  I met my wife and son at the park after work and we located the cache.  My wife was actually the one who found it.  Took a Nemo toy, left a yo yo.  The log book in the cache is full.
  -  I tried again today before church with no luck.  My son woke up this morning asking to go caching.  Those were the first words out of his mouth.  Im just not sure how close my GPS is getting me and how far around the point I should be searching.  I am fairly certain the cache is still there, just need to figure out how/where to search.
  -  Just got a GPS today and tried to find this cache as our first.  My wife, son and I looked twice, once before reading the hint and once afterwards.  We never did find it.  Not sure if its because it was getting dark or if its because were new to doing this.  Hopefully well go back with lots of daylight and try again.
  -  Fun little cache.  TFTH  Took nothing, left a geobutton.  Thanks!!
  -  Found with the son after a few minutes of searching.  SL & swapped a BK ?  Nemo toy for the rubber fly.  Caught it from the wife for letting him get the bug, but we had fun.  Thanks!
  -  Found it with the family, but late posting the log. Just as described.  Nice cache for kids.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Second of 7 finds for the day. I always have enjoyed this particular park, play tennis there frequently but have never taken the trails. Thanks for the hunt! TNLNSL.
  -  Found while on a top secret mission. br TNLNSL.  Thanks for the hunt. br The logbook is FULL.
  -  My son loves this park, especially watching the skateboarders.  Thanks for showing it to us.
  -  Been by this park several times and alway wondered if there was a cache there.  Turns out there is. br TFTH
  -  One of 6 today.
  -  Went past it several times til CCCA spotted it! Good hide! TFTF!  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Not exactly in the tee pee shape but we did find it near some sticks.
  -  Speed caching with Emilymaus through Raleigh NC! br out TB and dog toy br  in Cool spaceman and Furby p in/out Blueberry TB br Thanks for the smiley! br Rixart Huluvu,Emilymaus
  -  First of three on a slow day cachingwise.  A nice easy find even if the gps is acting up  again    amazing how you can jump 100 feet while standing still! p Left the Cubone TB whos on his way to Florida.
  -  While searching for Sign O the Times I noticed the Skate Park near here and stopped to take a picture of the Lucious Lenny TB next to the Skate Park.  As I was going back to my car, the thought that there might be a cache in the park popped into my head so I pulled out my Palm and did a nearest caches search and this one popped up.  So, I loaded it into the GPSr and away I went.  Found it almost immedately.  Took a pez dispenser and left a pinwheel.  Thanks for a good cache.
  -  We went to our own cache to find Quackers the Duck travel bug, initiated from California 19 months ago by Caseys cousin, Brian.  Congratulations, Quackers!!! p Note  Cache location is the same, but the view is different than the true spoiler pictured above.  Many trees have been cut down since that picture was taken. br 
  -  Dropping off the DUCK here in lovely Cary NC to complete his  her?  cross continental quest.  Whatever will the QUACKER do next ??? p  This entry was edited by curious on Wednesday, May 26, 2004 at 1 56 57 PM. 
  -  Our second find for this one. It kept popping up on our br to do list so off we went. Recognized the spot but had  br to check the log to see when we were there.  br 15 November 03! Right before RedWolf Team; we met br the comming out that day. Anyway, well log it today. br Swapped out some small creatures. Thanks. p Allegahney2
  -  Took my mt. bike and set a route of 10 caches. This was the fourth. Nice spot. Thanks for the cache, cause I never knew this small park existed until now.  TNLN + SL. Covered it much better than I found it. Thank You.
  -  Found with jklGoDuke.  Now I have an account of my own!  This was the first one that I actually spotted before my Mom did.
  -  Biked all the way from crabtree lake with a 30 lb passenger.  He was happy to play in the playground for a while, then we looked for the cache.  This is the first cache that my 2 year old son has spotted before I did!  He took an airplane, I took a bat.  We left a dolphin and a mini fan. p  This entry was edited by jklGoDuke on Sunday, May 09, 2004 at 8 12 34 PM. 
  -  My wife and I wanted to take a walk today, so we decided to hunt down Caseys geocache.  When we finally found the cache  it took us a while to find its hiding spot , we entered our find in the logbook, took nothing and left a golfing Snoopy and Woodstock figure.  Thanks Casey.
  -  Found the cache quickly before the rains came.  Took the TB Rainbow Mist Doubloon, we left a candle and 3 pairs of shoe laces.  I think I can help the Doubloon find a higher overlook a little west of here, look for the Doubloon next week. 
  -  This one needs to be better hidden, but fun anyway. tn/ln.
  -  Came with my brother.  The cache was not buried at all.  We saw it from the trail.  TNLNSL.  Thanks for the find!  CACHE ON!
  -  I left a geocoin
  -  Yes!  My first geocache find!  When I was there yesterday, my GPS receiver had me on the wrong side of the trail.  Much better success today.  Very nice spot for a hide.  All the rainy weather recently didnt seem to have affected the contents of the cache.  I enjoied looking through the goodies and signing the log.  Great cache, Casey! p Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  My first ever geocache attempt.  Wish I couldve found the treasure, though!  Ill try again another day.
  -  Failsafe4277 and Shortcake75s first cache of the day. Easter day. Skies were overcast and temp. flucuated during the day. Cache was well hidden and secure. Took a bunny book, considering the day and left a Garbage CD. Hope someone gets to enjoy the tunes. SL. 
  -  This was our second find....maybe next time we wont need the clue     p  This entry was edited by tomtiki on Thursday, April 08, 2004 at 9 02 20 PM. 
  -  Found this one while we were in town from Aiken, SC for the soccer games   took a break before the game between LA and Kansas City.  We didnt have a very good map of the city, but a little dead reckoning with the GPS and we got there with no problem.  Will found it.  Very nice little park, actually a very nice city to vist and explore with the GPS.
  -  Nice find on a rainy lunch hour.  Took Vulcan to help him along.
  -  Found it.  Saw Vulcan travel bug in there.  Took nothing, left nothing.  Thanks for the hunt. p Total Package and Son
  -  Our first find with the new GPS! The blanket of snow made it a little more challenging, but we found it.  Not before Dad wound up on his back in a pile of fallen tree limbs with the dogs leash weaving in and around everything... spent some time that way, too, before getting perpendicular again.  Thanks for the cache! p The Three Investigators br  And Jessie, the GoofaSaurus 
  -  This was my second cache out of 12 for the day. This was a nice short walk and my girls liked it. Thanks for thje adventure!!
  -  In, out, and on my way.
  -  The whole Geo Roaches crew went out searching today.  This one was a nice finish for a successful day.  Enjoyed this cache.  Thanks!!  Took Sega game and and left brand new Silly Putty.
  -  This was the last of five we found today.  This is a nice park.  There was still some ice but not too bad.  Thanks for the fun.  Took nothing but left foreign currency.
  -  Amelia was the finder on this one. We logged it shortly before sunset on the 24th, the day before the winter storm. TNLNSL. 
  -  Nice short hike to this one on a good day for caching.  Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  easy to find. This was our first cache and we loved it!
  -  Found this three or four days ago, just getting to log it now. Thanks for the introduction to the skate park. We ran home and got the roller blades and tried that out, were hooked. 
  -  Today we found it. We had a great hike. We tried before during the summer, but couldnt get a good reading and became frustrated. Were better with the GPS now and had no problems today. We put in a green Mardi Gras necklace and an orange heart bracelet; we took a Sock Mockey pin and a blue sparkle bracelet. Thanks!
  -  This was our first attempt at finding a cache and we really enjoyed it!  We left 2 plastic alligators, a monkey pin, and a book, and we took a ball, a keychain, a candy container, and a parachute man.  Great fun!
  -  A nice short hike. Thanks. Took Mardi Gras coin, left blue sparkle bracelet.
  -  Nice cache!  Found container in good condition.  Took Red Wolf Team badge, left bike frame bike tire pump.  Thanks!
  -  Loved the Hike, at first did not find anything but looked a little harder. NC Grandson is only 11 months, but he will be my search buddy soon. TN LN
  -  Easy walk, but grandbabies were tired, so Robin stayed in the car with them.  TN, LN, SL. p Bob & Robin Hill br ATC Dude br with DJ & Damien br Parkton, NC
  -  After 1 divorce and 2 years of geocaching retirement, I’m back!  Thanks karennc for placing this great cache and helping me out of my depressed state.  My kids loved it!  We took a Canadian quarter  close to my heart having lived 45 minutes from Windsor, Ontario , a plastic lizard, and the “Happy Couple” that my daughter just had to have.  We left a McToy, some bouncy balls, and a special item for your 4 year old son that he may be able to use in about 10 years; a small can of shaving cream.  Somebody please pick this up before the oppressive summer heat causes it to burst inside the cache container.  Great fun, thanks a million and happy trails.
  -  Indeed this was an easy one to end our Geocaching day  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle . This was three of three today, and my son, Addison  6 , really enjoyed the treasures in your trove. I liked the bugs, but ultimately he chose a Kirby toy for his brother, Kirby  2  the next big thing , and left a nice Mardi Gras collectors doubloon. p A fun trip to end our adventuring today. p Cheers, p The Callan Crew
  -  Red Wolf Team   11 15 03    4 30 pm   Find #145 br This was a fast and easy one. Just the one we needed to finish our day.The coords. were off about 100 feet br but using the hints we found it with no trouble. Ran  br into Alegany two in the parking lot. Took nothing and br left two Red Wolf GEO Badges and some rain forest br creatures. Thanks for the fun.
  -  I was working in the area on business and grabbed some caches before I left today.  I was looking for a cache to leave a TBug in besides the TBug hotel.  I wanted it to stay in the area.  This one was a good one.  It was a pretty easy find but fun all the same.  I had hoped the TBug was still in the cache but it was gone a few days earlier.  I left the Rusty Wallace TBug and took one of the frog stickers for my PDA case.  Now I have a signal frog on my case!  Thanks for the cache, my 518th! br Good Hiking… mtn man from Georgia br 
  -  Found the cache without too much problem.  GPS was REALLY flaking out with all the cover.  Took travel bug and left Harry potter trading cards. p  The Bad Egg
  -  Found it today with my bother and his son Taylor  9yrs old .. Had to drop of a travel bug. thanks for the nice area.  img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br In  Travel bug Curious George & parachute jumper br Out  Green Glass stone with writing
  -   br Contents were pretty soggy. Box was exposed so I covered it a bit better. p Took   nothing br Left   carabiner br 
  -  This was our 3rd find of the day.  Had 4 kids with us and a dog.  We had lunch at the park and the kids played.  We found this one fairly quick.  The kids could not wait to open it.  If not for the hint I doubt we would have found it.  It was completely covered with brush.  Took the yo yo, toy firetruck and hikers clip and left the gold coin, Lilo & Stitch figure and a PEZ dispenser.  Thanks for the hunt.   p  This entry was edited by 1986wade on Sunday, November 02, 2003 at 7 40 46 AM. 
  -  Nice rainy day to find this cache.  Easy hike off the main trail.  Took picture frame and left a 1p British coin.
  -  Man!  We walked into so many huge spiderwebs!  EWWW  Oh well, you would think you would see that formation and be like, duh   look there but no, the foliage had me fooled for a while.  Had to use the hint  eww .  Anyway, took nothing so that kids could have whatever is there.  Im still new so we signed the log and left.
  -   A HREF http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Fun cache.  I hadnt been to this park since before they built the skatepark area.  p Took nothing, left a compass. p  Mark Rebuck,   a href http //www.markrebuck.com/ target _blank visit link /a   
  -  Casey  cache owner  revisited his cache to find the present left by uk2nc.  Picked up the travel bug  was this the present?  and a snowman pen for his sister and left a geocache themed picture frame.  We brought another donation but Casey couldnt give it up once we got there!  br 
  -  Found this one with uk2nc!  Rode our bikes to get there.  Had a nice time looking for it.  Hope Casey likes his gift  unless someone else gets it first ! p 
  -  This was my first Geo Cache and had a lot of fun looking in all the wrong places     Eventually found the cache exactly where the description said and left a present for Casey. p  last edit  8/23/2003 9 22 58 PM PST 
  -  Found with Conan the dog. Went looking for this one last week; finally found it today. Of course, had walked right past it before. Conan was a little impatient as well  difficult to find the cache under pressure! Took trash bag, left AA batteries. My GPS died just as I arrived to do another cache today, so I thought maybe it might help someone else who was running low. Nice cache in my own neighborhood. Thanks! p  br 
  -  Found this cache with Mothra. It took a little hunting to find the cache. The GPS was off by 40 or so feet. Left a Rescue Heros fire truck and took a Burger King green scarey animal toy.
  -  Took the Cable Clamp travel bug. Im leaving to climb Mt. Whitney in CA this week. Im taking the bug to the highest cache in the lower 48   14,494 feet. p  last edit  8/11/2003 8 26 32 AM PST 
  -  Our first find!!! br TNLNSL
  -  In the Triad on business; decided to spend Sunday doing some caching Triangle style. p This one was a little tougher than expected due to tree canopy.  Finally bagged it after 15 minutes of wandering around looking for a signal.  Left Clamp TB, TNSL. p Thanks! br  Dave R., Biloxi, MS
  -  Great way to start the day.  First of 3 today.  Took son with us on his first cache hunt...age 24!  Wonderful idea to use as a b day gift!  TNLN
  -  Nice one. Took nothing, left nothing. Thanks. p Savagemutt
  -  Good location, cute prizes.  Took waterproof matches and left some Canadian change and a shell.  Very good hiding spot and good reception on gps.
  -   A HREF http //www.carolinaredclay.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br David without Diana while shes studying over at SAS. TNLN. br 
  -  This was our second cache find. Found this on Fathers Day with my 9 year old daughter. Took a squishy computer left Bloat The Puffer Fish from Finding Nemo McDonalds Happy Meal. Cache was in good shape. Placed it back the way it was.
  -  First geocaching trip.  My kids really enjoyed this as they got to play at the park afterwards.  Left a Mike figure from Mosters Inc and took a pirate eyepatch. p  last edit  6/20/2003 9 44 31 AM PST 
  -  Ive been wondering where the Cary Sk8 park was, now I know. My bosss kids like to go there. Thanks for the hunt. I took a trash bag and some trash and left a happy couple.
  -  We couldnd find it in our time with my brother  back in may. My Brother will drop off a TB friend after we have gone and he gets a new GPS  p  last edit  9/8/2003 2 37 55 AM PST  p  last edit  9/8/2003 2 39 22 AM PST 
  -  Quick easy find.  Park was not very crowded today.  Took nothing, left a button.  Thanks for the hunt. p NCTreker
  -   A HREF http //toadstool.sh/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Took a bunch of photos of folks skating, headed in for a quicky cache. Sallad actually made the find, I was just there for moral support I guess    p 
  -   A HREF http //www.ibiblio.org/sallad/gallery/geocache target _blank Users web page /A  br I tried this last week but it was a cloudy day and I couldnt get a better accuracy than 50 ft, so this weekend I went back with Helixblue.  My GPS was still not cooperating but his was and he directed me to the correct side of the trail and I finally found it.
  -  Catching up my logs that I found with papaw.  br Thanks for the fun. br JO_JO
  -   A HREF http //bellsouthpwp.net/r/l/rldill/index.html target _blank Users web page /A  br Found cache in good shape with 6 y/o grandson. Took nothing, left  a cito necklace & a sig. button made for me by honeychile,   a href http //bumblebuttons.com target _blank visit link /a     p Thanks for the hunt. br rldill & JOJO p  last edit  5/9/2003 6 28 49 PM PST 
  -  I went here at lunch time today  Monday 4/14/03  since I had an errand to run in downtown Cary. p Since the leaves are coming out, my GPS was acting badly.  There was one point when my GPS said 6 feet, and I was actually at least 50 feet from the location of the cache. p I also think the ice storm probably downed a lot of trees in the area. p Other than that, I had a great time.  The contents are sparce in this one.  I left a bottle cap worth a free Mountain Dew and took nothing and signed the log. p Thanks! p Chris p Update  p I got back to work and found this on me    a href http //toadstool.sh/photos/2003/04/14 Durham,NC Chris_has_a_pet_Tick/ target _blank visit link /a    p Helixblue was nice enough to take photos and make sure no more were on me.  I guess bug spray will be in order for the next trip out. p  last edit  4/15/2003 7 17 13 AM PST 
  -  GeoHasher Cheese and I brought our dog along for a quick geocache on this beautiful Sunday afternoon.  Sugar enjoyed the skaters and her short walk in the woods.  We enjoyed finding the cache and hope Casey is enjoying the visitors to his cache.  Will this placing a geocache become an annual event?  We hope so.  We took the pink koosh guy and left a red/white/blue hackey sack. Thanks for a fun cache.
  -   STRONG N 35° 48.006 W 078° 47.429 /STRONG  br A easy hike, and easy find.  Started out following the GPS and watching where the arrow was pointing.  Found it and the GPS showed I was about 115 ft away with supposed 15 ft accuracy. p TN/LN p  br LifeTap & Wife p 
  -  Found this cache a while back but just logging it now.  Visted at dusk and was lucky to find it before it got too dark.  The cache location was not too difficult, but the darkness and canopy added to the challenge.
  -  Second cache for the day.  This one took us a little while.  The GPS was being flakey with all the trees around.  Once I got to the right area, it was easy to spot.  We left a pirates eye patch and a pink koosh dude.  To a little alien, a pen and a tattoo.
  -  Our 10th cache found today! img src http //www.geocaching.com/images/icons/icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  It was a good trail with beautiful woods.  Took $1.00; left a harmonica.
  -   A HREF http //wolfhusky.org/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Found this one without too many problems   if Id concentrated less on the GPS and looked more at the woods around me Id have found it a lot quicker!     Took Mardi Gras beads, left yo yo.
  -   STRONG N 35° 48.002 W 078° 47.428 /STRONG  br Makes a great starter cache.  Not too far off the trail, yet a private location for a stash.  Left a squishy computer and took a cool spider.
  -  Woohooo!! I found it I found it!!  My very first GeoCache find.  I went to try out the new GPS on my lunch break the other day, and had the wrong coordinates.  But found it today with no problems with the correct coordinates. Cache is in great condition.  I took a pen with a nifty topper, and left a page of stickers, a mini squirt gun, and a KY Keychain.  Thanks for the Cache.
  -   STRONG N 35° 47.999 W 078° 47.462 /STRONG  br   Nice day for a nice walk. The box was not covered very well and I saw it from about 30 ft away. It is covered better now so beware. br   I took Toby, the travelbug, with me and left Devil George, a Wheresgeorge dollar. br   Thanks for the nice spot. br    Escapenrv
  -  Whoops!  Logged in wrong TB.  I left Toby and not kozie  too many cow bugs .
  -  Easy find.  Coordinates were right on.  Left a TB and took a TB.
  -  We drove all the way from Portland Oregon to find your cache. Your cache is in great shape and well hidden under brush. We dropped off a TB from Oregon. Weve had it way to long. Thanks for the hunt. br                   Michael Angelo & Dotty
  -  my first find. wanted to start with a fairly easy one. still getting familiar with my gps. took my two year old son. a good bit of ice still on the ground, but found the cache in about 5 minutes. took wooden truck and keychain, left $1 bill.
  -   STRONG N 35° 47.975 W 078° 47.485 /STRONG  br  A HREF http //iflight.org/geo target _blank Users web page /A  br Found it after walking in the woods for a bit , there are alot of trees down so its kinda hard to find. added lat/log taken from our etrex and our emap. N35 47.975    W078 47.485.  took nothing/ left nothing p  last edit  2/13/2003 1 41 16 PM PST 
  -  Second of two today b4 football games. Quick park and grab. Left flashing gem pen, took another keychain this one with a compass and thermometer.
  -  MrDad and Son found this cache on a cold day just before dark.  Patches of snow were still on the ground and the park was pretty well deserted.  Once we got to the general area where it was supposed to be, it took a while to find it.  Definitely well covered.  Took erasers and memo pads, left lock/key and thermometer/compass. p  last edit  1/21/2003 10 34 07 AM PST 
  -  Took nothing, left nothing.  Thanks for the hunt. p The Abbie Dogs
  -  Took Milo the travel bug.
  -  Thanks for the find, took nothing, left nothin.
  -  1/11 followed the Powerpuff Girls& MJ Mom as they found this cache.  Dropped off Milo TB while here. p Happy New Year.  Not a first find  other log dated 12/26  but still a nice hunt.  Wandered around in an empty park between the rain showers.  Left party horn, pin and eye glass cleaner. Took post it notes. Thanks for the hunt. p  last edit  1/12/2003 5 08 25 AM PST 
  -   A HREF http //www.jankout.com/ target _blank Users web page /A  br Found this one without much problem. My GPS went a little funky, but I followed the clue.  Left some little figures and took glow in the dark stars. FYI  I noticed some blue ties on downed trees signifying a cleanup.  This might effect the cache site. p  last edit  1/6/2003 1 52 14 PM PST 
  -  Nice park.  We had no idea there was a skate park in the area.  Took Gabriel TB and a kazoo.  Left a yo yo and a globe keychain.  Thanx for the hunt. p Jeff, Traci, Wes and Sid br The Davis Family
  -   br Nice easy walk to this cache. Found it fairly quickly with good coordinates. p Left a bagtag. p Thanks for the hunt. p  p  last edit  1/5/2003 4 33 18 PM PST 
  -  Wow, Cary has a skating park.  I didnt even know that.  Good cache to hunt when you dont have a lot of time.  Nice surroundings. p 
  -  Very nice spot, Sk8 park and trails are new since we lived down the street.  Took Chinese money, left a NASCAR matchbox car.   p Thanks for the hunt, p Fishingfools p  last edit  1/6/2003 3 58 23 PM PST 
  -  I was wondering exactly where the sk8 park was.  Nice area.  I took nothing and left Yellow Man.  I retrieved him from a cache on the sand dunes of Silver Lake, Michigan this summer and hes been in my car ever since.  A geocacher named Eight Legs left him and his name is on Yellow Mans feet.  Some child will enjoy him.  Hes like a yellow gumby. br Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Good cache to find when you dont want to walk far! Nice park. Left plastic Slinky, took nothing. 
  -  Easy catch to find for kids.  Fun to watch the skateboard group doing their thing in the park/ p  last edit  1/2/2003 5 57 56 PM PST 
GCQ63F: 
  name: Park Ridge East--Hard Rockin' by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=480bff55-b9a3-40e9-b109-1d057271a685&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Thanks for the hide! p Took Charmander key chain. br Left Canada key chain.
  -  3rd find of the day! cool cache! dropped off the Samson travel bug, took the playing cards. p tfth!
  -  It was raining fairly hard when we stopped to look for this one, but we spotted it quickly and went on Caching TFTC
  -  Raining day find.
  -  Found it this morning. TFTC
  -  Bug drop and retrieve.  This is my personal TB for recording cache mileage.  Its not in the cache, but on my keyring!
  -  after I cruised the the park.  It was time to let ARF do the same.  Thanks for find! br GyPSy
  -  The GyP was orbiting in the SUV while I nabbed this one.  Urban ammo, Ooo RAH!  Nice!  TFTC!  Dry as dust!  
  -  Met up with Prairiepartners this morning to grab a few caches while the girls were at IU for music lessons.  TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  TFTC!
  -  Just in town for a wedding over Labor day and out for a little caching exercise. Nice little park. Cache in good shape. Took bubbles and left a Lamborghini car   too small to drive unfortunately...  TFTC!
  -  I was out for some therapeutic caching today.  I took some time off to relax and reflect after a very busy week. p I didnt see any ants today.  They must have moved on. p Thanks for the cache, br Team D & D, Greensburg, IN br 
  -  Found while out caching with my dad. Thanks for this fun cache! I hate ants! br Thanks! br SassyKat 
  -  Never knew this park was here. Found quickly, but I dont think the ants liked us too much. TNLNSL br Thanks! br Prairiepartners  Jim & Pam 
  -  Nice little neighborhood park. Thanks for the cache.
  -  FTF! Found this one with poon thanks for the cache!
  -  Cutter mike was first to spot this one.  Great park didnt know it was there.
  -  Published
GCK7V9: 
  name: The Otherside Cache by Xy'lan, Nekomata
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=a5d1a293-224c-4259-b9ca-996238a5ddd0&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  This one needs to be archived until the owners can make it back out.  br Visiting this area and decided to check on the cache. Cache was laying out in the open. Contents are gone. Put container back in its place and camoed really good.  I love this spot and would hate to see a cache fall by the wayside here in b town.  If the owners dont want to replace please let me know and I will adopt this spot. br Thanx, br David  Team BBF 
  -  very nice find.  my first one
  -  My first cache find.  I found this one with peacecamp, but I spotted it first.  It was pretty exciting!  TNLNSL
  -  Took cuttermike with me. He spotted it first. It was cool to watch someone find their first cache. TNLNSL
  -  Nice walk. Only a couple of dogs in the park. Sure miss my dogs, visiting from Oregon. No problem finding the cache. Thanks~Whisper
  -  Setting up the kids account and backlogging their finds.
  -  Picked kiddies up from school and had time to do this one before dark. Walked along ridge at top of dog park coming back and found a benchmark for anyone interested. br Thanx for the wonderful hide.
  -  Placed a casino chip.
  -  Great cache. What a wonderful setting. Take the dog! br Acorn and Crawdad
  -  Nice St. Patricks Day find.  Thanks for the hide!
  -  found with prairiepartners after work. was a nice walk in a beautiful setting. 
  -  Found this one after work with Frog72. We walked across dam and straight to the cache. Cache not too heavily hidden. Hope it last till grass grows in area. Thanks for bringing me to this beautiful area. TNLNSL
  -  I tried this one before but didnt check long since a guy was hanging around the area and asking me questions.  Today I tried it again with Helixblue and our dog, and we found it pretty quickly.  We left a Stress Ball.
  -  found 12 12 04 8 30am.Now...this was a real adventure!Started by walking across the field,but the water was rushing too fast to go that way, and the gate was locked going up.So..I went back out to the road and cheated around the stream.Finally found my way to the cache.Going out,I found an open gate,walked across the top to another gate,then down a very steep hill to the truck.But,all in all,it was worth it.Took a carabiner,left 2 army guys and one of my cards.thanx.Doc
  -  I parked in the little lot and walked across the field. I saw no large land mines.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I got to the spillway area and a lot of water going through it. I really got wet feet. Got to the cache area and spent about five min. looking for it. I took the travel bug and the runing around the block gag prize. I left a Cache Commando Wooden Nickel and some play doo. I walked back across the dam. Thanks for a enjoyable cache. CC
  -  Interesting area. T cat, L army guy.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  I tried to find this geocache yesterday during my lunch hour, but after a little while of looking around, a guy came by and started questioning me about what I was doing and the travelbugs I was carrying.  He seemed to be following me around and was making me feel a little uncomfortable, so I decided to just go back another time when I have someone else with me.  
  -  We went out one evening last week to try to find this cache, but there were so many people  and dogs.. big wet dogs!  out there.  It got dark pretty quickly, so we gave up to go back this evening. We found it within a minute through luck!  Good hide!  Left a fitness block. TN.
  -  It wasnt THAT bad of a hike up there.  I think its just intimidating walking through the DOG park WITHOUT a dog.  That was harder than the hill. Everyone looks at you wondering what you are up to.  Found it.  Traded travel bugs and took a yoyo, left a key chain & stickers.
  -  I found this cash with my crew of four cache hunters and we had a ball.  I have lived in and around Bloomington most of my life. I have driven by Griffy Lake before but in good busybody style I have never stopped to smell the roses. I think that is one of the things I like most about this sport. I love the woods but sometimes you need a good reason to get out there and geocaching gives you that reason. Sorry didnt mean to wax philosopical. This was a great location for a cache. We arrived with no trouble and my four hunters went to work.  We checked every hollow tree in the area because all our caches to this point were in hollow places. It did take us a good 20 minutes to locate. This is a great hiding place. I took a few pictures that I will post. We picked up swallowtail TB and left The Sporting Life  Bowling across America TB. p  This entry was edited by Trurichez on Thursday, September 02, 2004 at 8 15 46 AM. 
  -  THIS IS A CACHA WITH VIEW THANKS TNLC
  -  Got to agree. It is a nice view and a nice little hike. I am proud of myself. I didnt fall in the water once. Left Migratory Swallowtail TB. Thanks for the fun. p Deermark
  -  Neat little cache and I really enjoyed the view.  TN left a YoYo. Thank You.
  -  FTF Eamon111 8 13 04 8 03AM, Took first finders prize, left an antenna Icom pig. Cache is in good shape and rehid properly. No dogs this early Friday morning. Thanks for this cache and the nice first finders prize.. br Eamon111
GCQ63H: 
  name: Park Ridge Park--I've(y) Got It by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=51917d81-ead8-471d-ad04-beeb1266f105&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Ran into H&K while looking for this one.  they found it  br Left lrs&rms geocoin br Thanks for the cache  wave back  p lrs&rms
  -  Met a few fellow cachers while looking for this one!  waves hello   Thanks for the hide! p Took Rain poncho. br Left Jeep TB.
  -  This time there wasnt any gathering at nearby apartments. Thanks for the quick on Dave!
  -  TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found with miraclekid and okayletsgo TFTF!!!
  -  Nice cache, left a football helmet.
  -  Best and last cache of the day! Okayletsgo, TwinkieKid, and I found it with no problem! Watch out for small muggles on the swing set!
  -  Nice and easy. TNLNSL
  -  Easy find.  TFTC
  -  i found it
  -  Quick little find. Took stinly bubbles and left a dinosaur.  br 2nd of the day. Beautiful holiday weekend. TFTC!
  -  I wanted to go for it ,but dad said maybe next time.
  -  Could not retreive this one as there were mugglers at a balcony right above cache site and we did not want to ruin cache, maybe next time! br Prairiepartners  Jim & Pam 
  -  Good hide in the name. Thanks for the cache.
  -  FTF with poon thanks for the cache!
  -  Found with cutter mike.  We put in the wrong cords first and walked in a retirement home.  Find it when we put them in right.
  -  Published
GCQ63E: 
  name: Park Ridge East--Seeing Doubles by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=581848ba-4978-4b05-9610-70092822ec42&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Lovely day for a little walk. Nice hide!
  -  nice cache! tfth!
  -  found in the middle of a large rainstorm. TFTC
  -  Found it on a raining day.
  -  Bug drop and retrieve.  This is my personal TB for recording cache mileage.  Its not in the cache, but on my keyring!
  -  thanks for the find. br GyPSy
  -  The GyP blocked the lobbers as I signed the log.  TFTC!!
  -  TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Nice and easy. TNLNSL
  -  TFTC!
  -  Went crawling aorund on my belly for a while...then my instincts kicked in and viola!  Cute hide. 
  -  I was out for some therapeutic caching today.  I took some time off to relax and reflect after a very busy week. p I watched part of a match and then it was time to move on. p Thanks for the cache, br Team D & D, Greensburg, IN br 
  -  Found while out caching with my dad. Thanks for this fun cache! br Thanks! br SassyKat 
  -  Found quickly as we watch people playing tennis, signed log and moved on to the next one in this park! p Prairiepartners  Jim & Pam 
  -  Love the game of tennis and thanks for the cache.
  -  FTF Found this one with poon thanks for the cache!
  -  Found with cutter mike.  Walked right up to it.
  -  Published
GC2DF7: 
  name: Griffey Grade by Geoff and Mitch
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=4befc59f-2028-45c5-ba6e-9566e62e0dab&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  I will check and see if someone can replace the cache. I am disabling it until I know for sure that is will not be replaced.  p Mointain Climber
  -  went back with people who had found it previously   and they agreed it was no longer there... p may need to be archived...
  -  boo for failure. parked at the truck graveyard then headed in on the trailhead there, took a right and followed what seemed to be a dry creek before doing the uphill bushwhack   but no luck. any hints would be appreciated. p if anyones planning on doing this one id love to tag along and try again...
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  Very nice hike in griffey.  Had to hunt around to find this one.  
  -  Not sure if its the one, accidentally found a cache near these cords, but its in a plastic container and not a coffee can as described, thought it might be another one, what the odds!  Heres the pis of the cache, its all wet therefore we didnt take anything or sign the log book.  Still, its a good hike, thanks!
  -  Went the on the wrong trail and climbed a lot of unnecessary ridges, but this led us to a dried river bed where we found a lot of geode rocks. This was my second cache and my buddies first, we booth had a great time. Hike was great, it does feel very remote once you are out there. Contents are still all wet. Still including the two old logbooks. The new temporary log book was fine and dry. Took the Images of Hawaii CD and left a small NASCAR tin. 
  -  We finally found it!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   We took the path from the east from the truck graveyard. It was shorter but steeper!  There were two old log books frozen, ruined, so we left a little temporary one until a new one can be put in. Everything was wet and icy.  Took nothing.
  -  Nice hike .... cache was really waterlogged so we couldnt sign the log book.
  -  THIS IS A GRATE WALK IN I LOVE IT THANKS TNLC
  -  Whew! p After an inadvertent bushwhack, I finally found it!   Leaves   poor signal.  p I removed a nasty ziplock bag and aired out the other one so that all of the doodads could go inside of it.  p The original logbook is still soaked and mouldy and sealed in a separate ziplock bag. p Took  a bouncy ball br Left  two vintage postcards of Bloomington  in their own ziplock baggie 
  -  After finding it I remembered....I forgot to mark the location of the car. Two hours later I am at the IU Golf Course! The funny thing is my husband and I left a golf ball, tee, and ball marker in the box!  So, bring your clubs and hit the back end of the course! Saw two deer, two snake, and a chipmunk ran under my husbands arm! Thanks for the trip! It was our first! Nice location! I need to lose weight!
  -  Had a nice trip through the woods looking for this one.  Spent about 45 minutes stomping around all sides of the sinkhole and ridge with no luck.. Hope it wasnt down at the bottom of the sinkhole, because it was filled about waist deep with water.  Did get startled by what I can only assume was a coyote.  He was much bigger than any dog Ive seen.  Very nice tan and white coat.  Tried to get a picture but he disappeared too quickly.  Also scared some college kids who figured they should follow natures lead and try to mate in the woods next to the creek.  They ran off quicker than the coyote!!!  Will try again next week or the week after that.  Was the best trip out at Griffey despite not finding the cache!
  -  Found this cache with Jbyer323 and Erin.  We hiked up hills, followed the needle straight as the crow flies for some of it.   p Good cache, we transported the Zenith bug to a different cache   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Had a good time traipsing through the woods with firecrafter695 and jbyer323 to find this one. What a location! Its beautiful back there, albeit navigating the ridges when we discovered wed have to do some pretty exenstive pole vaulting to get to the other side got tiring. ;  p T   TB, L   plastic snake, SL. 
  -  Found this cache, along with firecrafter695 and luxtiger. p Beautiful park, will definitely come back and visit again. p Logbook is still soaked, so used the one that wireman 131 left. p Took the Zenith way travel bug, left a scary rubber snake. p  This entry was edited by JByer323 on Friday, March 19, 2004 at 6 09 47 PM. 
  -  Not being from this area I totally relied on the GPS on this one.  Looked like an approach from the east would be the best.    Drove down what seemed like a long driveway, got to the end, and found what looked like a graveyard of old trucks..  There was the sign for the park hidden in the corner.  Just then, the attack guard dog made his presence known, and tried biting my tires...  Not a good start..  I decided to try approaching from the west.  Drove all the way around, then found the Actual park.  A little longer walk, but without dogs.. a good thing.  Trails were muddy today, but at least the river seemed low as to make an easy crossing.   When I got to the cache location I spotted it right away.. it was about 40 feet away from any obvious hiding spot, laying right in the open.  It seemed to be intact however.  I rehid it in the most logical spot in that area  I hope its the right spot!    p The log book was SOAKED!  so I left a new, dry logbook, and the Zenith way Travel Bug I got in New Mexico.  Took a star, and a matchbox car.  The owner of this cache should check on it soon, and retrieve the soggy log book.   Also, make sure I rehid it in the right spot   Thanks for the cache, it was a great day!  Wireman 131 br 
  -  Found this one taking the long way also. Was a great day for it. Thanks br TNLN
  -  My wife and I found it on our second try. The first try was yesterday    this was not especially easy to find. We were motivated to find it today because it was placed two years ago this day. This is our first cache! We took nothing, left a rubber ball. Thanks!
  -  We followed the needle straight through the woods up steep hills and down ravines....beautifull Fall weather...good aerobic workout.  Cache in tupperware is damp and molding so we took nothing and left nothing.  We have found in MN that the 2 qt. thermos containers work really well to keep out all kinds of weather.  With the risk of sounding like alarmists, we found scat near the cache that is identical to Northwoods black bear droppings.  Any comments? p Bullthistle and Tansy
  -  I was not sure where any trail started.  Drove around looking for a place to park and came up empty.  How about adding parking coordinates for us out of towners? p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN p  last edit  9 21 2003 7 47 59 PM PST 
  -  Nice hike.  I think I must have gone the long way around, but the trail was real nice and quiet.  Came up on a couple of deer.  The container had some water in it.  I dumped it out and closed it securely.  Took and left nothing, but signed the log. br Jnick
  -  Should have read the past history, then we would have taken the side path and not the main path.  Didnt want to get more chiggers than necessary, so well go back again another day and go the correct way.  First time weve followed the creek path that far. This is our favorite place to get a quick hike in so close to home. Kids got tired and hungry, so we said wed go back another day and find it.
  -  Went to the coordinates and found a Large Tupper Ware Container not a Folgers Can, some contents were wet so I dried them best as I could. log was writeable so signed it and left the Beast and took Bugs Bunny Thanks for the hunt
  -  Nice hike.  Musta took the wrong trail though because I ended up traipsing through the woods for a bit.  Took some chapstick and left a hand warmer.  
  -  This was our first Geocache.  Took the trail along the creek, then turned up the hill and walked straight to it.  Great hike, lots of fun!  I think Im going to like this sport! p  last edit  4 15 2003 8 41 55 AM PST 
  -  This was my third attempt to find this cache.  The first time I did not find the park.  The second time I did not find the correct trail, and it was too late to backtrack.  This time I picked the right trail.  I got to within .25 miles and started to bushwhack.  What a hike.  Really made my heart pound, scaling that steep terrain.  I found the cache with no problems.  It was dry and in good condition.  I followed the top of the ridge back and it made for easier going.  Thanks for hiding this cache. p DutchBoy
  -  Zoiks!  I  mustve  taken the wrong trail.  Ended up having to Bushwhack for at least 1 4 mi UP a ridge to get there. p When I got to the coords, I was convinced I had written them down wrong since I couldnt find  any  evidence of a trail within 100meters of the place.  p I was planning on calling it a screw up on my part cause I was looking at my notes that said relatively easy and pleasant hike... and figured Jeepers! I cant imagine a 1 4 mi bushwack up 30%grade as relatively easy BUT I figured since I was in the hood, may as well give it a few minutes before giving up.  Glad I did  since I found it  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   .  p Tried to locate a trail back but gave up and followed a circuitous deer path along the ridge back to the creek deer droppings make for great trail markers!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   p Took  spidey br Left  Mardi Gras Beads p A  delightful  hike!.  Im definitely coming back here to see what other trails this great area has to offer. TONS of geodes in the creek, if youre into that sort of thing. p Fun Cache, thanks! br  Capn Chaos
  -  This was my 100th find! Horray! We had been in this area a few times before but didnt have enough daylight to do this one. We like keeping the longer more scenic caches for day time to do them justice and Im sure glad we did. This area was beautiful. We took the rigdetop route on the way in and had to back track a little. We were so busy enjoying the sites we missed our turn to start bushwacking. Down the hill, across the creek and back up the other side. As we approached the cache I was thinking this was a sink hole from a cave. After walking around a little more and investigating, we determined that it was probably an old damn for a small pond. We found the cache without any problems. TN but I dont remember what I left. On the way out we took the creek route. Shortly after leaving the cache Remi jumped up some deer. Just so happened they ran in the direction we were headed.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  We later spotted them again on the opposite hill side. We counted six but there may have been one more. We watched them for a while and they watched us making sure they kept thier distance. Onward to the creek we went and a turkey ran across the trail right in front of us. They are like a Boeing 747 taking off in flight but they run into stuff like they are crash landing. Going up or going down....not sure if they even know. Continued on to the lake to see hundreds of geese. Honk Honk is there some kind of traffic jam or what? All in all this was a great cache. We hiked 2.6 miles, seen deer, a turkey, geese and some ice fisherman. I cant think of a better way to celabrate my 100th find. Thanks for making it so memorable
  -  We also started out on the wrong trail and probably did a lot of hiking that wasnt necessary, but I wouldnt consider it wasted time at this cache.  It is a really pretty area.  We went up the hill right by the parking area and walked the top all the out and around, I glanced at the GPS and realized we were going farther away from it so we backtracked a little then went bushwacking.  Down through the creek bottoms, across the creek, and up the other side, we found it with no problem.  The cache was dry inside, but as previously mentioned there isnt much in it, TN and left 3 glow in the dark stars, 2 nail files, a tube of chapstick and a Hawaii screen saver CD.  Checked out the neat views and took a few pics then started back toward the truck.  Remi got on a scent trail and jumped a deer, when we walked through where she had jumped her there were a bunch of beds, and since they were going the direction we needed to go we pretty much followed their trail.  Got to see them again across the next valley, there were at least 6.  We watched them for a while and I tried to get a pic but they were too far away.  Finally got to the trail that follows the creek and had a turkey run across in front of us, then take off in flight, crashing through the trees. They fly like I Geocache.  Stopped to get a pic of the rock formation with icicles hanging down.  Knew we were close to the truck now because we could hear the geese honking!  2.6 miles of hiking, 6 deer, and a turkey later our adventure was over!  Thanks for a great hike!
  -  15 20 br Wow! This was a pretty tough one. We parked at the lake and walked up along the creek, then went cross country. GPS signal was poor, had us going all over! This must be really tough in the summer. Finally found it! Cache in good shape. Contents sparse, so took nothing, left a Hot Wheels. Thanks for the workout! p Boundertom + Mrs
  -  We were in the area, helping one of the geocaching team move from Bloomington back to Ohio. Very hilly around this cache! Took something and left a dollar ring. A great hike and a great cache. p   Wheres North  
  -  Sorry about the bad state of the cache!  I went and visited the cache today and indeed found it completely rusted through and soggy.  I replaced it with a Sterilite container.   I had to take all of the contents back with me to clean and or replace.  I left in there a log book, a Virginia quarter, 5 silver  pre 1964  dimes, and a Bugs Bunny figurine.  Ill come by in the next week and add more fun things  and check to see if the Sterilite container is working .  Thanks, and sorry again about the lack of maintenance on the cache.  Cheers,  geoff br 
  -  Actually, this one was relatively easy to find. Quite tricky to walk there, though, need a bit of mountaineering spirit I guess, but the cache was right where the GPS suggested it would be. br I drove around the area quite a bit in my car, trying to get as near to the spot as possible. Managed to get within 0.25 miles of the cache. Parked my car, hiked up a steep hill, down a ravine, crossed  a dried out river bed, up another steep hill, and there it was. Found a scary skeleton along the way   hope it wasnt you, Dutchboy?? br All in all, the army put me through worse. And at least there was no drill sergant shouting at me. br Anyway, the cache is in serious need of maintenance. Next one to plan a trip there, please bring a medium sized container with you, the cache needs a new one.
  -   A HREF http   pages.rtccom.net kholland geocaching.htm target _blank Users web page  A  br Well this was my second try for this cache, and still unsuccessful.  The first time, I could not find the park.  This time, I found the park, but I chose the wrong trail to begin on.  It was not until 1 mile later that I realized that I was getting farther away from the cache.  I decided to call it a day, because it was getting dark, and I had to drive on into Nashville.  I will come back and, hopefully, pick the right trail next time.  Thanks p DutchBoy
  -  Need to get on the correct trail at the beginning.  You can waste a lot of time on trails that dont get you close enough.
  -   A HREF http   mywebpages.comcast.net indydiver  target _blank Users web page  A  br I found the cache at 2.30PM. I took a little different approach to find this one. I parked 0.16 miles from the cache. In doing so I made this cache a lot more difficult and even a little on the dangerous side. One thing for sure, I had a lot of fun getting to the cache and enjoyed the challenge as well. I was going to place a travel Bug in the cache but upon finding it I decided to move on to another cache to place it. This cache is in serious need of some maintenance. The new logbook is in fine shape but the cache leaks and has holes rusted through it. If I had brought a container with me I would have switched it out.  br Even the buttons placed in the cache were starting to rust.  br I took nothing and left a State Quarter. br Nonetheless I had a really fine time.  br Thanks for the challenge. p Cache On! br Indy Diver br 
  -  Gigger and I found this cache EXACTLY the same way as Team J&K.  p We parked at the lake near where the trails start, .8 miles from the cache. br It wasnt until after we left the cache that I figured out what had happened. p  br The trail is well marked. Its so well marked that when the trail 1st meets the creek bed that you FAIL to notice the path splits here and there is another trail on the other side of the creek. Before this point the trail has well placed markers made of good wood with colored arrows,at the creek it doesnt. So you end up walking straight ahead on the original path.  br On the path you are supposed to take there are numerous bike tire ruts and occasional litter. I dont think that the trail you really end up taking is marked by those responsible for the area, but others wanting to have a good riding trail.  p What happened to us  br Gigger and I walked on the original path until it seemed we would get no closer to the cache. Our GPSs said we were .23 miles from the cache up the side of a very steep and rather tall hill.  I couldnt find a trail anywhere near there so we had to make a decision to bushwack or not. We went back a little way to the creek bed where the trail DOES cross it. I walked a 100 feet or so down the creek until I estimated that we were closest to the hill we needed to go up and that it was at its lowest grade. We went inland. The grade was about 40 degrees so that was a pretty good hike to get up to the top where of course we found we had to cross a large ravine. br At this point we were privaleged to see the falling of a very large limb from one of the large trees, no wind or anything, it just went. We were about 100 feet away, what a crash!  I wonder if it would have made any sound if no one was there to hear it?  HA HA!  p We followed our GPSs through the brush until we came to the cache. I spotted the cache as its in plain site. I had Ginger go down and sign the log as I then went around the top of the site looking for a trail that I knew had to be around there somewhere. p I did find a small trail that we followed and lost and found several times. Which eventually led to the forementioned riding trail.  br It was a LOT easier going down than coming up! p Interesting start of our cache day and it took a lot longer than I thought it would.  br Thanks for fun cache! p  br 
  -  First cache of the day.  Nice little walk.  The way we came in it wa a little hard to find the trails back out.  Ummm...I missed the right trail going in but was still a nice walk all the same. p Took nothing but left behind some geocaching pins. br  The contents are soaked except for the log book which looks like it might be a newer one as the old one still in there is ruined.  It is laying on its lid now to keep the water out and that should help. br                            Ginger p  last edit  7 11 2002 10 29 17 AM PST 
  -  I think I came in a different way than most.  I parked near a lot of old pickup trucks and bushwacked to the cache.  It was a short but steep walk.  I found the cache with no problem.  It looks like an animal has chewed the top of the container a little so some water was getting into the cache.  Thanks for placing this cache in such a beautiful area. p BruceS br St. Peters, MO
  -  Great area but was it ever HARD.  We started at the lake   seemed easy enough for awhile.  Then needed to leave the main trail.  Not bad.  Then had to cross a creek and climb a hill.  J found the cache with little problem.  Then our Etrex decided that it didnt want to play  dense trees?  so there we were with no GPS, not sure what direction to go, and no real idea how to go back the way we came.  GPS Gods gave us a break and we got the signal back after several minutes so that we could head back to our waypoint where we left the trail.  We arent sure at all that we started where we were supposed to but we think this was plenty hard for 2 1 2 stars.  Thanks for the hike and the interesting area   we cant believe how lost we were within city limits! p  last edit  5 27 2002 3 23 42 PM PST 
  -   A HREF http   RDP8004@juno.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br WOW!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  what a hike! I dont know if I started in the right spot or not. Started in on some steps. I followed it back in and after 30 min. of hiking was taking me the wrong way. Started to bushwack and came to a small stream and what looks like an old bridge pier. GPS showed up and up we went. That is an evil hill.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  Had to stop and rest a couple of times. When I got to the top looked like an old Rail Road Grade bed. Followed it right to the cache. I was standing on the old rail road bed and could see the part of a red can down in the vally. Nice to have it partly covered, and partly open. Hate to put this much effort into finding a cache and not be able to find it. On the way in I jumped two deer and eight wild turkies. Took a J. S. Bach CD and left a stuffed animal. I made a way point and it showed .86 miles to auto. I traveler farther than that. Trip back was easer. Except for the evil hill, I could have crashed and burned real easy here. This cache is under rated needs more stars! I am glad I DID IT. Thanks  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  my first!  i found it late in the day and was the second to be there today, just around sunset.  griffey is so close by, and yet i always seem to pass it up to go to the hoosier or further south on the knobstone for long day hikes.  it was nice to get out to this area for a dayhike, especially before it snows tomorrow! p the descriptions of the up down hills are right.  it is a bit tough, especially with spring mud coming on.  i saw several deer and the first flowers of the year beginning to stick their heads up  harbringer of spring .  took nothing, left nothing.  signed log. p cheers! br adventur1  bog dog 
  -  This was my first cache  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle !  I thoroughly enjoyed the hunt.  Although this was the third attempt to find this cache.   p On Sunday, January 27th, our first attempt my wife and I went out. Going up a steep hill, I decided it was best to let our dogs off lead so we could use our hands if we needed to.  Samson our Lab Retriever mix decided it would be a great time to get additional exercise.   This concerned his mistress a great deal.  A decision was made that we should return back to the car, in the hopes Samson would meet us there.  Well we walked about 5 minutes and Samson joined us again.  But the wife wanted to call it quits for the day.  p Another attempt on the cache was made on Sunday, February 3.  This time we kept both dogs on leads the entire time.  But I believe that I might be navigationally impaired.  I studied and studied the topographical maps prior to this expedition, and we climbed the hill I thought where the cache was.  Much to my chagrin, the GPS showed that we were .36 miles away from the cache.  My more sane half, also known as my wife was starting to feel her ankle muscles, and was concerned about falling in the terrain.  Discretion being the better part of valor, we returned unsuccessful with dreams of discovery at a later date.  To note though, Samson was quite unhappy about the fate of being on a leash the entire time.   p Today I made the assault on the discovery of this cache without my partner of 26 years being with me.  It was just Samson and I.  Which turned out to be a good thing, otherwise my wife would probably never attempt a Geocache again.  It has been confirmed at least in my weary mind that I have a serious navigational impairment.  Along with a serious shortage of patient planning skills.  I wont go into the details of the route Samson and I took to finally arrive at the route.  But we did manage to climb up some rather steep grades.  Samson was on lead the entire time, and after today, I dont think he ever wants to go for a walk in the woods again.  The way out was quite interesting as well.  When I was a kid I remember going head first down a hill on a sled.  Today I went down a hill head first without a sled img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle .  Nothing injured but my pride.   p I had a great time.  I might become a Geocache addict.   p Anyhow, I took the plastic Viox bag, and I left a Leader Dog for Blind sewing kit.   p Great Job on Cache placement.  I enjoyed this search immensely.  By the way, my GPS read dead on in regards to the coordinates. br   p  
  -  Thanks for putting the contents back    I will move everything to a better container as soon as I can! br 
  -  We found the right place to park and made this one easy except for one steep muddy hillside.  The container was out in the open and little teeth marks were in the top, plus everything was scattered.  I put everything back together and left you a new pen.  RATED Hiking Boots
  -  Amy and I found the cache after a considerable amount of hiking as we really didnt know where the best place to start would be.  We happened to take a difficult starting point which made our hike much more grueling.  We left a parmaceutical bag and took the Luke Skywalker figurine. br                           Andy Matthews br                           amos&andy p 
  -  I dont think there is an easy way to get to this one. Team Dragon Along came on this after a nice climb. This was a unique place to hide a cache. I took nothing and left nothing. Thanks for the hunt.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  We found our first cache...first to find...on the first day of the new year!!!        br  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  what a hike, I dont know if it was us coming at it from the wrong direction or it just is one heck of a hike. After sitting and resting in the nice peaceful hole we took the Uruguay Box and left a USA air freshener. Going back was a little easier catching the trail going down the hill following the creek. It was cold but the hike warm us up so much I took my gloves off and lost one. Thanks for the fun.  Oh yeah dont forget to put a log book in.  2Jos
GCQCP4: 
  name: Mt. Gilead Cemetary by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=d44ea323-68f2-4694-a148-563caa5fd446&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  I Talked my mom into trying out her new Etrex on a wet and rainy day... first stop of the day. TFTC
  -  Went caching with Xile on a raining day. First time with my new GPS. 
  -  my first find since i moved from New Orleans   cant wait to find more Indiana caches. TFTH!
  -  I agree with you Dave, this will make a good ISQ cache. Thanks!
  -  Quick find. Thanx.
  -  TTF! Attended a wedding at the neighboring sound studio which used to be a church. So just had to do this cache after the I dos were said.  Snuck out and got this one.  br The locals say the Poplar tree in the cemetary is the largest in Indiana.  Wow   sure is a contender! TFTC!
  -  Looked like someone was getting ready for a wedding so we grabbed this one FAST!
  -  Cache and dash. FTF. Thanks for the find.
  -  Published
GCQ8V4: 
  name: Taco Mac in Roswell by EPOP and VIOLET
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=8fcd131a-029a-4028-b6f4-dcd73081bdf0&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Tried to find it on the 14th with bsacacher and mabuga but the was having a meetind or something.So we came back today.Found it as soon as I walked up.Loved the container.Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Found it right away, liked the hide.  Signed log.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  This one was a little more difficult than I had originally planned on.  I, of course, completely ignored the obvious item  the cache  and wandered around for a couple of minutes before suggesting my son look someplace special.  Im glad nobody was looking because he screamed in victory as the cache was discovered.... p Thanks! p Angry Angel  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Stopped by since I was in the area visiting the officemax.  Found the cache fairly quickly, once the employees of the nearby establishment went back inside.  Thanks for the smiley!
  -  Had no trouble on this one. Enjoyed the hunt. Thnx!TN LN SL TFTC
  -  This was the third of 13 caches that we found today. This one was found on the way to the GGA meeting in Canton today. I was happy to see this type of cache container again. Thanks for the hide! TNLNSL
  -  Too many muggles at 5 PM.  Will have to come back later.
  -  Easy find  once the muggle sitting in a car 15 feet from the cache finally decided to move on.  Many thanks for the hunt. br Owl
  -  I feel really bad, just cant remember names. Anyways, met a really nice cacher, who wed met before, signing the log as we pulled in. Made it really easy for us. br Thanks!
  -  Found this one on a some quick errand runs on Saturday.  I was the one Dougs94 found signing the log when he pulled up.  I was signing away and then all of a sudden I hear did you find it already.  Im always amazed how many cachers I accidentally run into while searching.  br Thanks for the cache, neat hiding spot.   br Milligan 
  -  Teamjaxdreamn Found it. Girl bear moved things around. But mom found cache. Nice area. Will have to come back to eat at Taco Mac.This is our 1st cache in Roswell. We just moved from Tallahasse Fl. We signed log.
  -  teamjaxdreamn found it. Girl bear moved things. But mom found it. Signed log. Nice cache. This is our 1st cache in Roswell.
  -  We always wanted to cache in a hurricane   Katrina lost, we found it. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  Clever hide.... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found this one with AG today.  Nice hide   surprised its still there, but it is!  Glad she spotted it since I ignored it  duh!   Signed and replaced, thanks! 
  -  Out early this evening in the area and stopped by with Cymbaline to find this cache. Its not where we thought it would be, but I eventually spotted it. Nice work on the hide. SL. TFTC, ~AG
  -  Found this one today while out with GA Cacher picking up a few local caches we hadnt gotten to yet. This is a well done cache and the coords are right on, I loved the hide! SL, TNLN, TFTH!!! p Thorny1 p logging Mr Jelly Belly TB through
  -  Grabbed with T1K today. Nice Hide. Left Canadian Nickel. br TFTH
  -  Woohoo! Found this one after work today. I like the way this one is hidden. Very clever. Koguma.
  -  Published
GCA358: 
  name: X Almost Marks the Spot by solar
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=83efbf78-57e6-484c-bbaf-9911f22d9e4f&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Stopped by this cache after work today.  It was a nice walk along the road.  Only saw one other person   a dogwalker.  Found the cache easily.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  Found this one at 9 00A after searching for crossed sticks for a little while.  It sure seemed to be too warm for February!  I am down to Atlanta from Middlebury, Vermont on business and enjoying the great caches in this park.  I arrived at dawn and this cache is number three of the day.  Took a flashlight and left a red radio.
  -  My girls and I had a great time exploring the park and finding this cache today   three trips to the playground, checking out the old mill, watching some horseback riders, and also finding a letterbox, only to discover that we had left our ink back in the car!  Oh well.  We will be definitely be back to follow through with that and to work on the many other caches around here.  Thanks for the fun time.
  -  Thanks for the cache Solar.  
  -  Found this cache pretty quickly. Very nice park too. I took the plastic match box and left a can cooler and SL. Thanks br Shilo    Hiram, GA
  -  My stepfather and I  Boo  hunted for several of the Cochrane Mill caches today.  This was the first actual find of the day.  Found the X first, and soon after, the cache.  Took a sunglass case and left several toys.
  -  Pleasant walk.  Good hiding place and the X was easy enough to find.  Enjoyable hunt.  Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  Nice walk on a nice day. Would have been a nice bike ride too. The distance was correct, the heading wasnt. Took a magnet, left a Gateway key chain. Thanks Solar. 
  -  Nice hide, this cache convinced us to invest in a compass. br T Play doh br L Hotwheels Petty car br SL
  -  Going paperless does you no good if you leave your PDA in the hotel room   . After finding the X I couldnt remember what to do next so I called Donna on my cell and as she was looking it up I managed to stumble upon the cache. I took nothing and left a mini carabiner and CITO kit. Took the TB Hootie and will move him south towards warmer climate for the winter. TFTC!
  -  Very enjoyable cache. I was able to find this one after spending a lot of time on another on the way that I dont believe is there anymore. I love a no frills ammo box in a park that you have to do some walking or biking to get to.  p Also, I sometimes grow weary telling onlookers just exactly what I am doing and usually give the rare insect story unless I feel they are truly interested. Today I met some folks who would have to do a lot of explaining because they were even stranger than geocachers,They were dressed in costume and acting out a fantsy storyline. see   a href http   games.groups.yahoo.com group elfstonelarp  target _blank visit link  a   
  -  We were so happy to find this cache!  The bugs, high water, and heavy tree coverage  no GPS reception  made us abandon the other caches in the area.  But this one we found with no problem.  Well, once we figured out which was was south. p Took nothing, dropped off Hootie TB.
  -  This was a great day to take alittle hike. We didnt realize that Cochran Mill was as large as it is. Took the Jason TB, a clamp and a wooden nickle. Left beads, hand warmer  will be handy in another month or so and a crayon sharpener. Thanks
  -  Nice walk.  Pretty area.  Left a TB
  -  X did mark the spot on this one.  Excellent hide
  -  Jessicas first find. 3rd one for the day. Left JD pin, took lock. Signed log. Thanks for the cache.
  -  My son and I had a good time m\walking in the park.  Found the cache with no problems and made a few new Geocaching friends along the way.  I signed the log book and my son took a trading card and left a lucky wooden nickel in the cache. p B. Jones
  -  This one took me a little while, I left then saw another cacher and we went back to find it and he found it for us. I took a matchbox, key chain, spong bob, and a book. We left a baby cd, a couple of hair bows, and a pen. A good find, THX.
  -  This was the fourth cache find of the day. We had a great day at Cochran Mill Park. BTW, X DOES mark the spot. we took a whistle and bungee cords, left a Spiderman Pez, Pokemon and signed the log. The search took 41 minutes from Cache Me In A Can  we stopped to play with a turtle. 
  -  Out doing some out of home territory caches today with AG southwest of Atlanta, with high hopes of making it down to Brookstone, but we didnt have enough time.  Nonetheless, really enjoyed my first visit to this park.  Check out the pic AG took of the path through the greenery   that entire area looked like a sea or carpet, pretty cool!  Anyways, AG took 14 paces that a way, while I took 14 paces not quite that away, and she spied it first.  Nice stash! Took matchbook container, left either a cat toy or visor attached sunglass holder, cant remember which.  Thanks for the find, Solar! 
  -  Second find of the day with Cymbaline. What a nice leasurely stroll down this quiet park path on a cloudy sunday! The coordinates were surprisingly accurate for a wooded area and we found the cache with no problems. It was exactly 14 of my paces from the X. Took the dice set and bandaids. Left a coaster set, highlighter pen and beads. Thanks for a great cache location and the smiley! ~AG
  -  Out for the day with my brother, ErnieB.  This was second find of the day.  Nice area for a cache.  I spotted the cache first, its always a game with us.  Had lots of fun but day was getting really hot!  Thanks for the cache.  Took paper hole punch and left set of 4 bungee cords.
  -  Went with MeMe5, my sister, to this one as well as cache me in a can in the same park. Had a little trouble deciding which way was west and south, since I forgot to bring my compass. TNLN.
  -  Went with solar to check on the cache. Nice day for a walk. 
  -  Came to Cochran Mill Park today to look for this cache and two others. Cache Me In A Can & Between a Rock And a Hard Place Parked at the nature preserve by mistake, so had to cross the creek and the road to found the caches. Found all three caches! A nice different touch to this one with the cache being a few paces from the coord location. One more beautiful place found by the GPS. See Pictures  Thanks, Atlanta Highland Bagpiper
  -  Found in January with Peachteach
  -  7th and final one of the day. I seen where the name of this cache came from. I enjoyed the walk and the hunt for this one it was a really nice day. I took the 2 AA batteries and the Euro coin. I left a poncho and a Bic Magic Marker.
  -  Came all the way from germany, europe, to find this one. br This was the 2nd cache of the day. br Nice walk and beautiful area. The cache is in very good shape. br Made a log in the book. Took out the disposable emergency poncho and left a 2 EURO coin. br  
  -  Found this one in January.
  -  Second Cache of the day. Almost missed it, lost SAT coverage twice. Beautiful day and enjoyed the hike. Alex  3 yr  is really having fun. He took a Christmas Tree eraser and left a rocking horse. Signed Log
  -  Great hike...The kids had a great time running down the trail and over the bridge.  Such a great day to be out hunting for treasures.  Thanks for the hunt. p Ruel33...With Devin and Haley
  -  This was a real hike for us.  We went cross country from X almost and that was a mistake! We climbed over a mountain instead of walking on the nice path which we found to come back on. Great hide in a gorgeous area which was totally new to me!  I took my son in law and his two boys and they are hooked on the sport now!
  -  F ATabor and I had a great walk while looking for this cache. It was very peaceful and scenic. I would definitly recommend this one for beginners and veterans alike. Took Mickey ears and left lizard. br CptTabor
  -  This one was closer to the X than I thought at first. The only thing is this park is closed on Sunday and had to walk a long way. The gate on the side was open at first and several people milling around so we walked back and when we came out the gate was locked, good thing we didnt drive back there.
  -  Nice area. Hit this cache in the pouring rain. The last cache that we hit that involved an X was Hortons Hideaway. Thankfully, this cache was not nearly as mind blowing as that classic cache. Took nothing, left nothing. Signed log book.
  -  Enjoyed the hike and the scenery.  Very nice spot.  Thanks so much...see ya on the trail.. p Took a dalmation puppy and left a dollar bill. p Thanks  Jess Wade
  -  Wow! This was our first official cache using our GPS, on our own, without a guide. We werent sure that we had entered the correct coordinates especially when we came to the last 50 feet or so of the X. We then relied on my mothers trusty sense of direction and stick to it ness and we foudn both the X and the cache! We took the Cracker Barrel Peg Game, a Hot Wheels truck, and a small plastic cross. We left a golf ball, a Yu Gi Oh card, and a plastic lei. Thank you for a fun day. We plan to return to Cochran Mill Park to find the other two caches.
  -  Came back for the second time to get this one.  Missed by 20 feet or so last time.  Kiwi traded for some Lego and we took the travel bug.   We hike straight from Between a rock and a hard place and had a good time crossing the creeks and woods. Saw a whole bunch of deer and a group of horse backriders.  Had a real good day caching, Thanks Solar p Kiwicacher
  -  Was taking the family out to dinner in Palmetto and decided to spend a few minutes caching.  My wife had never been to this park and I thought it would be a nice way for her to check it out.  We had a nice walk and found the X but did not find the cache before we had to go, everyone one was very hungry and intrests quickly shifted to dinner. We will be back.
  -  Our beatiful Saturday wouldnt be complete without bagging at least two caches, so after getting Cache Me in a Can, we took off after X. And we did it like LZ33 did it; we hiked through the forest instead of using the gravel trails. A much better experience, we think. Came upon the location and found the clue very quickly and then decided to turn off the GPS and use our good old compass for the final search. Nicely done, solar, an A one cache. TLC Racing, kiwicacher and us think youre doing a helluva job with this sport. The Treasure Caches Salt Water Key travel bug still resides here and the cache is in great shape. We took  Sponge Bob air fresheners and whoopee cushion  my favorite . We left  surfer dude and pink lizard. Thanks for another great hunt!
  -  Thanks for a great cache.   You can tell an experienced geocacher placed this cache since he gives; walking distance, visual aids  incase of satellite interference  and has an organized container.  I took the “through the woods route,” so you can see the wild life as well as seeing some of the antiques from a past on the ground.  Took the marble travel bug and dropped off a key travel bug.   br LZ33   br 
  -  Found at 11 00 a.m. Great day for a find like this one!  Great spot.  GPS went crazy. Clues were creative. Thanks!  GA Camper
  -  Good cache! Forgot to take the cache sheet with me but remembered that X didnt quite mark the spot. After looking around a bit I found it. Took Cracker Barrel playing cards and GEO decal and left travel bug Lost my Marbles  #314674  since it would be in keeping with the kid oriented items in the cache. Thanks for the hunt!
  -  This was our first time using GPS and was a great experience.  Good first time out cach.  We had the clues for caches in the area and used the wrong clue for this cach.  We found the x without a problem.  We arrived at the X and began looking for a buried cach from another clue.  What dummies we were, we looked for about 15 minutes then realized what we were doing.  Had a good laugh and went on to the second cach.  We learned to keep cach information separate.  Thanks for making this one easy, it really increased out confidence.  Both of us enjoyed the experience.  I have been to Cochran Mill Park many times and have camped there with the scouts often.  This area needs another longer cach with several waypoints. 
  -  This was our 2nd cach of the day. Took about 5 minutes to find it. Lost the GPS signal due to the heavy tree cover.  We had lots o fun and the kids enjoyed the playground at the end. We took the pumpkin doll and toy car and left Spot the dog and a dinosaur ruler.  br THANKS!! Tom , Bev , Caitlyn , Josh and Sandy the DOG.
  -  Found it!!  This was the second for the day in the park.  We did this one right after Cache Me in a Can.  Took the key chain tape, the flashlight and the brass whistle.  Left a Parachute Pumpkin toy, a whoopee chusion, and skull, bat and spider rings. br Thanks for the hunt. br CajunCruzer, LeopardChik, and Zebra Girl br 
  -   A HREF http   www.joedom.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br This was our 3rd of 3 caches for the day in the park.  What a great way to spend a Saturday morning with my wife Mary Catherine, daughters Alex & Tori, son Stephen, and niece Maddie.  Very easy trail and straight forward cache.  The cache was right where it was supposed to be. p Lots of goodies inside the cache box.  I let the kids trade some of the goodies they picked up in the 2 other nearby caches from inside this park.  You can see that doing that in the picture below.  Review the actual log to see what we left and took.  Nice park. p Thanks   Joe and family
  -  Located cache at 1100 hrs., had to back track a bit, I entered the coordinates wrong the first time and had a great hike in the heat and humidity, but after correcting this we walked right to it.  Took nothing and left a hooded rain poncho. p Bob & Marianne
  -  Nice scenic area. Good exercise! I took the chimp and left Ghost Chasers car. Thanks for the search!
  -  GPS sure was acting up.  Finally found the x, the rest was fairly easy.  Nice park.  Took biners, left bubbles
  -  thanks fun spot.  took georgia peach. ill log him asap! God bless.
  -  This was my second cache and certainly not the last.  I was wondering if a man who came in Barnes Store in Carrollton to buy a pair of boots was reading this?  He is the one who got me started doing this sport.  I would like to thank him for letting me know about it, so if you read this let me know your screen name.   br thanks br Gen. Lee
  -  Found this cache without any trouble.  Very nice area.  Place GA On My Mind TB, and he is really ready to go, he had an extended visit with us.  Took Nothing
  -  Our second of three for the day in this nice park.  TNLN. br Thanks, br Groundhound
  -   A HREF http   www.thebiblesays.org  target _blank Users web page  A  br This is a wonderful park that we have visited before. Remember there are 3 caches in there so far! This one is an easy find, but a very nice walk that can be done even after the heavy rains we have been having  NO MUD! . Make a day of the caches here, and have a picnic, youll be glad you did! p Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Dad and I had fun..thanks!! Took mini dictionary keychain and left Eyeball Mike, Monster Inc. travel bug.  I think he needs to head towards Chicago.
  -  I enjoyed this cache..they are always fun when you find X and then have to do some pacing..TN LN
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   Traveled from Nashville TN to find this one!  Was on a business trip in Newnan, Ga and took a side trip for this cache.  The cache is in good shape.  TNLN  Thanks for the trip and hide!  Great place to visit!
  -  Our second of 5  Cache Can, Rock and Hard Place, Liriodendron, AM GOLD  for the day.  This was an Xcellent cache that we found under Xtreme weather conditions and it was Xactly where it was supposed to be.  We then Xamined the contents with Xtra care.  We took a Mickey Mouse figure and left a mini dictionary keychain that you can use to look up almost X words.  We had such a good time that we almost want to thank you for the cache.
  -  This is another beautiful spot at Cochran Mill. I took some friends of mine along with me on this hunt. They had a blast. Thanks for the hunt!!!Took  Whistle, WWJD bracelet,and Bouncy ball. br Left  Visor, Mickey mouse car, and Dalmation car.  br                                earle n girls p  last edit  3 24 2003 2 13 57 PM PST 
  -  This was our first find.  Problem is, I never logged it.  Sorry.  We really enjoyed it and knew this was the beginning of a great new journey for us.  Thanks for the hunt. p Sidekicker and Family
  -  Found it!!! thanks again to the kram fam.  We took a fish christian symbol  keychain and a USA flag silver keychain. We left a Patty Mayonaise keychain and a Pooh bobble head. br    The silver keychain is very special it has a tribute to 9 11 01 and we would love to know more about this item.    br My girls were tickled to find such great treasure. br Thank goodness there are port a pottys nearby.
  -  Much easier to find than Cache me In a Can.  Found it very quickly.  Did this one with the Bru Crew.  Took 2 pack of Cards and Color Pencils, Left Stuffed Elmo and Poohs Rabbit.  Ran into Redrunner on the way back.  He was on his way to the Calvalry Chase. p  last edit  3 17 2003 5 49 33 AM PST 
  -  I seem to be following trailerman around.last three caches I was there right after him. br my good buddy Solar did a great job on this one.had me pacing all over the place to many souths  but I found it.  br              thanks for the hunt br                   Redrunner 
  -  Spent almost three delightful hours in this park today finding almost four caches.  This one was almost easy.  I ran a race that started and finished in the nearby field almost 16 years ago. I had forgotten about the area.  Sig. Other actually found this one, but I almost did. Took nothing, left nothing    exactly. p Trailerman and Sig. Other
  -  Found @ 1145am.  Gate was locked so we had to hike it.  Cache was in good condition.  TNLN.  3 of 6 for the day.  Heading towards McIntosh reserve to finish up.  Cloudy but still no rain yet, thank god.  Thanks Solar
  -  Found the cache with little difficulty.  Took the Osama Chicken Bin Laden Travel bug and left the September 11, 2001 memorial key chain.  Thanks for the hunt! p Pat & Sandra br Douglasville, GA
  -  The batteries on the GPSr gave out just as I came up on the wood fence line…… br What to do now? It’s getting late. br I started this great walk in the woods at 5 45 pm, thinking I’d have time.  br Then remembering the clues, I found it after a quick look for the X to the south. br Cache is well hidden, and dry. p T  Peg game. br L  Green whistle p As dropped off the  br OSAMA CHICKEN BIN LADEN  p Glenn, br Franklin, GA p  br Not many really smart cookies around here, just a few  br    img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle crumbs... br 
  -  Came over cross country from Cache Me In A Can.  Waited in the woods until the honey wagon finished servicing the port a potties.  Took the contraband knife and left two decks of cards.
  -  Cant believe the box is still dry after all those rains. We just got back home from caching in SC and all we found there were wet. Enjoyed the hunt...and the find. Happy New Year! br ejldixie and Felicia
  -  This was our first cache attempt and first find. Directions were good and took us right to it. We took the whistle and left a mini pocketknife. br                             Thanks, GaCacher p  last edit  12 30 2002 8 03 49 AM PST 
  -  took one of my friends on a geocaching expedition today. enjoyed the hike. my friend, who refuses to pick out a geonick go figure, took the lovely tulip pen. i took the off. left night before christmas books and package of mechanical pencils and turtle key chain. thanks.
  -  This was our first time to be the first to find the cache.  Good directions  almost .   br Took a tape measure key ring and left splash bomb soft toy.  br Meet Solar on our way out. p 
GCN6V0: 
  name: All Sports Complex by BUSHBOB
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=bf8899f8-891f-48d1-9b1c-406c85141c80&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Many new finds this week around these parts.Cache on to other caches   br Ferril
  -  Wow what fun that was. This one took two days only because there was a whole lot of people there so we had to go back. What a cool way to hide the cache! If I didnt have my 11 year old daughter with me I probably wouldnt have found it. Thanks for the hunt!!!!!   earle n girls
  -  Out with AG on a southside run. Second try at this one. Needed AGs eyes the first time around. br Thanks!
  -  5 of 21 p Out caching the Southside with D&L today. The final on this one is great. Excellent work on the container. I actually found it by mistake too, lol! Good job! SL, ~AG br 
  -  Well I found the first stage without any problem.  I had to break down and call out my father in law.  He showed up and I told him I zeroed out right here.  He picked up the cache 18 inches away from where I stood.  This is probably the best set of coords I have ever seen in this kind of tree cover.  
  -  This new cache has seen no activity in eight days, so I had to go check it out. I was expecting a unique Bushbob container and I was not disappointed. Nice work Bob! Thanks for the rainy day fun.
GCKFT5: 
  name: Cedar Grove Dead Center by BUSHBOB
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=3db5a1df-c1ee-47b1-bd82-88d008e04f9a&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Took two trips to complete but success prevailed.
  -  Finally got back out on this one. The stage one coords need to be replaced, as the elements have taken their toll. Thanks ~Martin
  -  Forgot to log this one earlier.  Thanks.
  -  I heard through the grapevine that the second part of this cache has been moved and that I should check out the new hide. The area looked a lot different than my first time here in early September. Good hide Bob.
  -  This cache has been moved and I found the new spot great place I dont think it will be muggleized again.  
  -  Thanks for the smiley.  Had to outwait the muggles.
  -  no trouble finding this one... little trouble with the container but we got everything back like we found it...TFTC
  -  I struck out on this one in October in the twilight. It stood out like a sore thumb now that some of the greenry is gone. br ngrs 6 
  -  Shopping holiday is a good day to geocache. There wasnt a single person in the park. First time Ive been to Cedar Grove in several years. Enjoyed the ride. Thanks.
  -  Out in the area with Geojeepgirl today.  Walked right 2 both stages even with gps jumping everywhere due to the weather I guess.  Traded a few goodies and picked up The TB.  SL  TFTC!!!
  -  Out with JeepToysRus today and found this one.  Cool little multi cache.  TFTC!
  -  Tb now loose.  
  -  Nice and quick multi. br Took the wooden nickle, left a front end loader. br Thanks!
  -  Nice dead area took both TB left a wooden nickle and coins thanks BB.
  -  Today  October 21, 2004  I put a new log in the cache.  Also I put two travel bugs.  Happy Hunting.  BUSHBOB
  -  Somehow between the 16th and today the cache container was opened and the log book removed   . When I found the cache today the lid was not on the ammo can properly. It was just sitting in place on top of the cache but it was not hinged properly on the back side. Since there is no log book in the cache I couldnt sign it   . As proof of my visit youll find  when you replace the log book  a green mini carabiner with my name and email address along with a CITO kit. p I replaced the lid properly before placing the cache back in the spot where I found it. TFTC!
  -  Found this nice little multistage today with AG.  As she said, we drove just about as close as we could go   park was empty except for one guy in his car talking on his cell phone?  Or something.. Anyways, I took an easier route to the cache than AG, and found it after expanding the search area a bit.  Took spare rope, left a pack of handwipes.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  4th find for the day while on a Southside caching run with Cymbaline. Nice park area. We drove the truck right to the treeline, lol. Definitely a lot of thorns on the way in, but thats what long pants are for  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   Took travel bug. Left rain poncho and a box of colored chalk. TFTC, ~AG
  -  Added TB this A.M.
  -  Easy multi. There are many briars, and poison ivy, but they are the low growing variety and no problem. Thanks~ p #629    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  I ate 476 spider webs on this one.  Once I finally spotted the cache, I felt so relieved.  The GPS was not too much help in these woods.  Nice hide, enjoyed it. p Jess Wade
  -  My GPSr did not seem very useful today, but I wandered around till I found it. I had the place to myself due to the rain. Thanks.
GCMA91: 
  name: I Want A 10 On The N.G.R.S. by Maviman
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=1e9c5045-5121-4a82-a29b-a55e501bd5e0&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  My GPS didnt cooperate with me on this cache.  I started off looking in an area at least 100ft off even though my GPS read 2ft from the coordinates.  Eventually, it starting pointing over in the right direction and after some extensive searching I found the cache.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  It took me a little bit to find this one.  The coords took me to the creek.  Thanks for the walk. LZ33  
  -  I just made it back to do these two caches before sunset this evening, and the phone didnt interupt!  5 20 p.m.  p #796    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Fifth of fourteen on a southside blitz with AG. Couldnt find it til we tripped over it! br Thanks!
  -  5th find on the day while caching with Dougs94 & Linda. This one was a lot tougher than it had to be. We spent way longer than the 5 minutes it took Nasty George to find it. p Even with his extra hint, it took us nearly a half hour to locate this one. The North coordinate for the final was pretty off for me. I took a waypoint average of 130 readings at the final and will email you that coord in case you decide to update and average with your original. SL and listened to a few trains go by. Thanks, I think. ~AG 
  -   I found the cache 5 minutes and 20 seconds after arriving at the vicinity  I didnt have a pencil so I was not able to log in. The railroad spike in the base of a tree near the cache box is actually a benchmark and could probably logged in as such. It is actually a temporary bench mark used in the grade control when the park was built. Good cache but the ngrs is a 3.5. I will explain the rating system on a future post on the Ga Geocachers Board. br thanks ng  
  -  Same as solar. Thanks Andy.
  -  We got lucky and found this one much quicker than the other two Maviman caches nearby. Thanks for the outing.
  -  Waited until afternoon to give Solar a chance at this one.  Andy this is your best, kid, you are getting better at hiding these caches.
GCPCMV: 
  name: Fosters Quad by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=18dd7b36-46c6-43d8-901c-ea21aee0206e&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  First one today while my boyfriend was working at the college.
  -  Bug drop grab to measure mileage.
  -  Ooo RAH!  Friday at 1145.  Students all about.  Just talked on the cache phone, snatched it, signed it, replaced it.  No one paid a bit of attention!  TFTC!
  -  Thanks for the fun. Found with no problems. br ZBQ
  -  found 8 6 05 2 20pm .Nice hide,pretty easy find.Thanx.Doc
  -  Found on a Friday afternoon of geocaching after a week of class at IU.   Interesting hiding spot!   TFTC!
  -  Good hide.  This area seems a little out of place compared to its surroundings.
  -  Found it no problem.
  -  Found this one with peacecamp! br Took nothing left nothing saw nothings  br  nothings is in reference to the hoosier basketball players, who will hopefully be something this year instead of nothing as they were last year
  -  Nice easy find. The Mike Davis Basketball camp passed by when I was looking for it.
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  Quick and simple. No need for heavy search! Thanks! p Prairiepartners  Jim 
  -  What a nice surprise to be FTF!  Found at 1 24 p.m.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  Has been a long time since i walked the campus of OlI.U. Thanks foer the find.
GCQ75D: 
  name: Will Sk8te for food! by ITS ALL ABOUT THE NUMBERS
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=d0be4e14-53da-4e5e-97c3-0855f43db89d&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Good Job Signed Log
  -  Bug drop grab to measure mileage.
  -  I hope the jeep covered my doings well enough.  Right in the open!  Sk8ters were pretty busy, so maybe they didnt notice.  TFTC!
  -  I just love when the parking space I NEED opens up right as I pull in the lot. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   Park was packed today.
  -  TFTH!  Swooped in and SL!
  -  Found 2 40pm br Thanks for the cache. br lrs&rms
  -  Thanks for the hide!
  -  Found it with cuttermike. TNLNSL
  -  found 8 28 05 10 40 am got this one right after we left the Enchanted Forest.Thanx.Doc
  -  Will sk8te for cache! br Thanks! br Prairiepartners  Jim & Pam 
  -  Cache and dash. Thanks for the #.
  -  We noticed a bunch of new ones in the area.  Figured wed head down and try to be the FTF for a couple of em.   p Lots of muggles about, but paid no nevermind to us, surprisingly.  TN L  signature magnet SL.  TFTC.
  -  Published
GCP5W9: 
  name: Stop by Richards by Prairiepartners
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=9a0ab03e-f4fb-43bd-9892-239c4b27b388&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Thanks for the hide!
  -  Found at 3 20pm p Thanks for the cache p lrs&rms
  -  Found with miraclekid and okayletsgo
  -  TFTH.
  -  Great hide, no muggles around! TwinkieKid, okayletsgo, and I found it easy!
  -  Grabbed this one on the way home. 
  -  I was out for some therapeutic caching today.  I took some time off to relax and reflect after a very busy week. p Thanks for the quickie! p Thanks for the cache, br Team D & D, Greensburg, IN br 
  -  DROPPING RETRIEVING TRAVEL BUG TO RECORD MILEAGE!
  -  I love the ones where I can stay in the car and let the kids do the work!! TFTC
  -  Nice out of the way micro Thanks
  -  Dick saysHi... br ZBQ
  -  found 8 6 05 3 35 pm.I like an easy one every so often.Doc
  -  Cache was easily seen as we approached. Thanks for the hunt.
  -  An easy find on a very hot day.  Cache was out in the open so we replaced it with a little cover.  Then we went shopping in the mall!
  -  Was just here yesterday and didnt realize there was a cache here till this morning.  Found with no problems
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  quick easy one.  
  -  Found on a day of caching in Monroe and surrounding counties.  #8 of 20. br All the action must be over.  Didnt see any birds or babies. br TFTC br 
  -  Dad let me grab this one today.  Hey...the babies have been born.  The proud momma and pappa are still pretty worked up.  Ill post a pic soon. br Signed the log. br Strohem
  -  Got attacked my the birds.  They wanted to play and I wanted to get the cache and get out.  Finally did and the birds where happy when I left.
  -  Hey, PP!  We stopped by Richards  we know him by Dick, heh heh  and parked right next to the cache.  Little did we know you had the place guarded!  Ooo RAH!  She didnt want us around, and I saw why!  Go, babies, go!
  -  TNLNSL TFTC  Loved the birds but they didnt like us.
  -  Went back and snagged this quick one. br Thanx, br BBF
  -  Running in the rain with Deermark, PrairiePartners and KepNFit.
  -  Hit on a rainy caching day in the Bloomington and Bedford areas. p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along br Jeffersonville, IN
  -  Thanks for the hide. These birds are used to be upset. We had one nesting in our yard once. p Deermark
  -  made a mother bird upset. 
  -  Didnt see others logs about bird before going and didnt see updated hint. Bird was really freaking me out thought he had gotten hit in the head or something till we read the other logs will go back and find it later.
  -  Our resident bird must have been taking a break this morning, did not see the fine feathered friend. Thanks for the find.
  -  Updated hint so finding cache would be super easy. Cache is far enough away from nesting bird if cacher uses new hint will not upset bird. ALL please use caution around nesting bird.
  -  I went to do this one and a bird was nesting on the ground right by where the GPS was pointing.  I really upset the bird setting on the nest, so I left without trying to find the cache.  Please archive or at list disable the cache for a while to let the Killdeer nest in peace.  What a strange place to nest.  
  -  I dont know if the eggs are now birdies, but the momma sure was very vocal about me being there.  I gave her as much room as possible, signed the log and moved along as not to upset her more.  br Nice hide, thanks! br Carla & Mark br Lost N Looking
  -  Nice hide!
  -  Found this one this morning. Beware of birds in the area gaurding their young.
  -  Traditional caches are great but grab and go micros can be fun too if done well!   THANKS FOR THE HIDES!!!
  -  I found this one just like I would like to this morning, with my coffee in one hand, my foretrex on my wrist and the cache soon in the other hand. There are three bird eggs nearby on their way to becoming birds, so cachers coming shortly after me need not check them for goodies. Thanks for the hide.
GCNYVF: 
  name: I.U. Presidents #11  Herman B Wells by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=3a822967-789d-4edc-b196-f092e6c61502&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Nice hide... thanks for the cache!
  -  found 8 6 05 on a caching trip to Bloomington with ZBQ.thanx.Doc
  -  After a short search, all is well with this cahce. br ZBQ
  -  Found this cache on a free afternoon after a week long MBA class at IU.  Nice library!   Dropping and grabbing back a couple of travel bugs that I was carrying to accumulate some miles and extra states visited.  TFTC!
  -  THANKS FOR THE HUNT br L SIG CARD
  -  Good hide on this cache. Enjoyed the search of the library.
  -  I have to give the kudos to Dad today.  Not only did he win the croquet game but he found this cache first! br Signed the log. br Thanks! br Strohem
  -  Found this one after a while of digging around.  The cords are close but I am not sure about the 15 feet thing.
  -  Know we were in the right area but did not spot it.  Only DNF of the day.  
  -  Running in the rain with Deermark, PrairiePartners and KepNFit.
  -  Hit on a rainy caching day in the Bloomington and Bedford areas. p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along br Jeffersonville, IN
  -  Cord led us to the wrong level but with a little searching we managed to snag it. p Deermark
  -  Found this one on my second try.
  -  First to log but not first to find. Went back to give this another try after email from owner assured me that I was close. Found this time in less than 10 mins. Good hide!! Was easier at night though!! Someone did beat me to cache, maybe I should have not given up too easy last time. found at 12 05 am. Thanks for hiding caches here in Bloomington. Keep it up!! TNLNSL p Prairiepartners
  -  FTF? Original coords. brought us to a bench about 15 ft. from cache. After a 30 minute search under a hot summer sun, we were greeted by the cache owner who provided us with the additional hint found above. TN Left dart flights TFTC. BBF then gave us the coords for  Oh Canada cache. We enjoyed the walk with BBF and his brief history lesson of IU. Alway nice to meet a fellow cacher on the trails.
  -  This one is still there. I was there half the day today and all day yesterday. I can tell you that the mulchers wouldnt be most likely not be bothering this cache. br Prairepartners brought it to my attention that the coords for the bench might be off. Will check them again tomorrow. When establishing the cache I took them at least nine times. Maybe I need to do it another nine. br TTFN
  -  Gave this one over an hour of my time so I can reasonably post a DNF. GPS wouldnt settle on any one bench so I really searched good around 2 of the benches. Coords kept taking me towards front of library computer area, however, there wasnt any benches there. I did search all around all 6 benches, so the cache must be extremely well hidden. They have been mulching in the area so I hope all is still well. I would be glad to get with any other cachers that would like to search get heads together on this on.  p Prairiepartners br Williams, IN
  -  Thought I would stop by and check on this one since no one has found it yet. p Cache was sobbing uncontrollably from loneliness    br I picked it up and dusted it off.  Wonder how the camo was off  br considering no one has found it. Hmm imagine that a 3x4in. container lying on the ground and no one can find it.  p Hint#2  You must get off your computer to go look for it. Oh yeah dont think so hard. p 
  -  Third of four DNFs for weekend while visiting Bloomington on trip from Naples, FL for wedding of niece.  I looked for over forty five minutes with no luck, and had to get moving as I wanted to find a few caches before I headed back to Florida.  My GPS has been off all weekend so not sure where to look on most caches.  My southern GPS must not work up north.  I see others have had problems, so I dont feel so bad.  I wish I had the new cache page as it would have given me a location to look for.  My cache page had no mention of a bench.  Sorry that I cant come back a look for this one.   – Pittsburgh Transplant      p  This entry was edited by Pittsburgh Transplant & Tag A Long on Monday, May 30, 2005 at 7 07 22 AM. 
  -  Ok, I looked for this one on a sunday late afternoon during the least amount of traffic. Still I was being watched by patrons of the computer labs with puzzled faces. I found a spot, but no cache. I spent the better part of an hour on this, I dont give up very easly, but I did on this one.  br Eamon111
  -  Since no one has found this yet I will explain that the difficulty is a result of how many places there are too look as well as the disguise. My gps stinks so I didnt want to put exact coordinates but I think its pretty close.
  -  Agree with Steve.  We did not find this and while we are not the best cachers by any means we couldnt figure it out.  The spot it brings you to is interesting but where it looks like it would be wouldnt put me at D+4.  We searched them and couldnt find it.  We must have just missed it.
  -  I didnt find a cache at the coordinates  where there are plenty of difficulty 1 hiding spots , and my instincts tell me that what I did find point to a puzzle offset or mystery cache. If the cache is at the posted coordinates, Ill have to think through what kind of hiding method would raise the difficulty such.
GCPNJT: 
  name: Don't Cry for me I.U.  by bikinibottomfeeders
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=4f4d3754-f634-40c3-98a6-7339c7d9ad03&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  It is still soaked... I put a new piece of paper in there, but unfortunately I had no plastic pouch to put it in, so it will probably get soaked too, soon. I guess I should have read the previous log before going for this cache...
  -  TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   This one was VERY wet, sorry I didnt have another log book on me, or I would have replaced it.  
  -  Thanks for the quick find.  I did find some nearby meter parking!  SL
  -  This was the perfect resting spot so I decided to take advantage of the shade and let the little ones do the hard work for a change. They soon brought me the cache. Thanks for leading us to an area where I could take a brief nap!!
  -  Nice hide... thanks for the cache!
  -  Found on a Friday afternoon of geocaching after a week of class at IU.   Neat hiding spot!  Had to be stealthy, since a couple of folks were tossing around a softball close by.... did my best arborist act and studied the local trees!  TFTC!
  -  The name is the clue.  Nice cache!
  -  Great spot to take a rest,and I did. Thanks for the cache.
  -  A quick find to end a weekend long caching adventure. Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams, IN
  -  Another nice park and grab. Thanx for the cache.
  -  Found it with a guy laying under it.
  -  FTF this morning at 2 45 ish my wife loves these also id love to get one for my yard but i probably wouldnt be able to keep it alive
GCK0C3: 
  name: Pigskin Picnic by team duke
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=344bc280-07da-4400-9860-3c94d9ec6456&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Went to look in on it and its gone.  The lawn crew must have cleaned everything up very well for graduation.  No sticks, nothing left in the area.  Will plant another one in the area soon.
  -  1 45pm on Fri 29Apr05   slight rain br We think we found the cache location without finding cache. Clue and coordinates makes location unmistakeable. Noted that cache was replaced last fall during football season and high tailgating events. But in the spring   gone? Maybe we werent clever enough? br ForestnFrances with Bullthistle and Tansy br 
  -  Last cache of the day...Met a woman in the park who was letting her puppy run free.  BC seemed to really enjoy playing with Murray, so we let her off her leash to run as well.  They loved it!  Unfortunately, another dog came through the park, they were leashed, and when they were both let off their leash again, they both ran. ACK!  So, we ended up chasing after them trying to get them to stop.  Finally they did, and we were able to resume caching.  p Found this one quite easily.  Left a Webling in the cache and took nothing.  p Thanks for taking us to this park! p Bear and Ting and BC too
  -  Took travel bug, going tp transfer it to UK campus this next week. thx
  -  Here is the log for the TB. Had to figure out how to do it. Thanks
  -  I thought this one was so cool.  Very rainy today, and had to walk a little but, but found it rather easily.  Had so much fun with this one.  I took a little car, and left a football player key chain. br TFTC. br Team Viagra
  -  First time to hide TB. Dropped off Everybodys Got a Cousin in Miami. Nice place for a hide in the park. April fools on us it rained all day. Took I love girl scouts pin. Please take care of the travel bug and send him on his way to another stadium. Miami has better weather. Thanks.
  -  Setting up the kids account and backlogging their finds.
  -  Parking isnt great but the cache is worth it. br Kind of hard to be inconspicuous while putting  br it back but it was worth it. p T flattened penny and blue guy br L golf ball and matchbox car p Thanx
  -  Go Team GO.  Nice place for a hide.  TNLNSL
  -  10 50 EST br The park was deserted today, but I can tell by the numerous fire rings that dot the area that things can be pretty busy on game days. I found a signature card in one potential hiding spot and was worried that the cache had been plundered, but I looked around for a minute and found the cache elsewhere. br 
  -  Nice park and a nice easy find.  Thanks.  
  -  Found this last month, but just logging it now. I was impressed that this cache has survived in such a high traffic  or high debauchery  area. Guess everyones too busy tail gaiting to spot the cache.
  -  Cant believe this doesnt get tossed more often consdering the location! TNLN, no pen so didnt sign  duh . TFTC
  -  Nice little hide!  Found it on Nov. 28  p Came back today to pick up the TB. Will take it with us up north to Canada for the holidays!  p  This entry was edited by Helldonkey&Kalligenia on Sunday, December 19, 2004 at 10 47 39 AM. 
  -  Replaced cashe today and put a TB in the container, hope it doesnt disapper too quick with the game tomorrow.
  -  We didnt find the cache, all we found was a geocaching card.  Maybe the tailgaters got ahold of the rest of it.
  -  Found 3 great spots that even fit with the clue. One spot I found a Bud Light can that I left there. Second spot I found a shiny penny and left it there. Third spot on a different tree was the clue on the ground and a hiding spot where I put my signiture card covered with tree debris. My GPS died as I hit zero feet, but I looked for another 20 minutes. Here from Grand Rapids MI for my cousins wedding.
  -  Guess this one left to stay at MSU...
  -  Found this cache along with the Rinckels and my wife, collectively known as Olde Kynge Cole and His Married Olde Souls. We took the travel bug and left a waterproof match box. Beautiful day for a walk and geocaching.
  -  Final find of seven quests tonight. took nothing, left calling card br  Thanks for the adventure br Gary and Mary Adventurers
  -  Came back to this cache to drop off Happy Valley Helmet travel bug, whose goal is to make it to all Big Ten schools.  Happy Valley traveled to Notre Dame and back to IU.  Hopefully a MSU fan will pick it up Saturday when the Spartans visit IU!
  -  Even though we hyad a good driver to take us to the local caches,we had some DNFs before we finally got a smily face on this one. br Thanks br Godbless br Smtycolt
  -   a href http   www.geocacher u.com target _blank  b Geocacher University  b   a  br 2 10 pm p We came over a day early for the In Geo picnic so we could nab some local caches.  Of course, its always important to find a native guide to take you through foreign territory, so we hired Strohem to guide us through the wilds of Bloomington. p By the way, thats Bloomington, Indiana.  Right, Smtycolt?   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p After getting skunked on a couple caches  ugh..why did I say skunked?!?!  we were finally able to find this one.  Nice hide in a neat area.  If I remember right we took a sponge ball that we ended up throwing at each other IN the car all day.  Dang kids. p Left a lighthouse pin.  Thanks for the hide!
  -  Quick, easy cache on the way home from work. Place was a bit trashed yet from evidently latest IU football game. p Took  Xylan spider; Left  foam ball.
  -  Nice hide, Thanks for the cache!
  -  Ahhh!  The poison ivy flourishes!   p Other than that, a nice, easy cache. p Team Philosopherret br  visiting from Fort Wayne 
  -  Great hiding spot!  Relatively easy find.. took TB and left Canadian penny and small pencil.  Will deliver Happy Valley Helmet to Notre Dame  sorry not a Big Ten school  when they play Michigan on September 11. Thanks!
  -  THIS WAS FUN GUS THANKS FOR THE HIDE TNLC
  -  My GPS was pointing directly at a different spot that fit the description. However, after thoroughly checking this out, we spreaded out and my son found it! Nice hiding place. Took carabiner and left peacock feather.
  -  We decided wed better stop by this one before the football season begins.  Its hard to imagine this quiet, beautiful place beset by crowds of tailgaters.  Mr. tracks showed me where he used to perch way up high in the stadium to take football game pics.  T golfball. L biner.  Thanks.
  -  Nice cache, though we were harassed by a squirrel that was feasting on tree fungus. I didnt know squirrels ate fungus. ^_^
  -  Nice place! Clue was initially misleading because it applies to more than one tree. p Left the Happy Valley Helmet TB, which is trying to visit all the Big 10 schools. Got IU!
  -  Nice park.  Great hiding spot. p  Thanks for the cache. p  ~Shaggy~
  -  Found cache on the second try. TNLN. Good hide. Thanks
  -  It was football weather out today. I could almost smell the dogs cooking. Thanks. TNLN p Deermark
  -  Pretty area.  Cache was right were it should have been.
  -  Thanks for the great hide. found with no problem. br TNLNSL
  -  found 8 7 04 2 50pm.nice hide,had more trouble finding the right tree.TN,left one of my cards.thanx.Doc
  -  BOY did this bring back memories!!  I grew up in Bloomington and I remember those green trailers.  Found fairly easily.  CC coords are accurate as is the hint. TNLNSL br Thanks  br Strohem
  -  Took yo yo and left my card and towelletts.  Nice hide! THANKS!!! br  
  -  Easy find. TFTC 
  -   STRONG N 39° 10.685 W 086° 31.495  STRONG  br I only had the corr. in my GPSr to go by. I had lost the log I had printed. I first went to a Poison Ivy covered tree. Not wanting to look at it to close, I stood back as I serched with my eyes.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle   Not finding it I started to look at other trees. I found a pair of ladies under garments. I think someone had a good time here!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I went from tree to tree till I found it. I was going to leave a travel bug but it would not fit. Left a golf ball and took apair of dice. Thanks for the cache. CC
  -  Nice quiet area...I can imagine that it would be a great spot for picnics before a game. The coordinates seem to be a bit off; according to my GPSr they are N 39o 10.684, W 086o 31.493 p TNLNSL   Thanks
  -  In town overnight so had to seek some local caches.  Found the cache a little northwest of the posted coordinates.  TNLN    THANKS!
  -  Went to the wrong tree first, but found it eventually. Be sure to hide this well so it does not get thrashed around during a storm. Did not have a pencil so I left a putt putt minigolf coupon. TFTC!
  -  Found it!  I guess Im the first.  Nice quiet place today, probably not during a game though.  Took carabiner, left a yo yo. Thanks for the hide.
GCQ757: 
  name: Hoosiers??? or Losers???  by ITS ALL ABOUT THE NUMBERS
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=48235e53-9450-4b07-a9f2-cbd4d9d367de&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Bug drop and retrieve.  This is my personal TB for recording cache mileage.  Its not in the cache, but on my keyring!
  -  Found 3pm br Thanks for the cache br lrs&rms
  -  When the score is 0 to 0 you can just about talk about anything but I thought it was best to go ahead and talk about the Roundball.  Thanks for the find. p GyPSy
  -  At the time I found this cache the score was tied....at zero.  It would never get any better for UK.  Cache in perfect shape.  There were hundreds of mugs about, even a tent about 15 away, but GyPSy diverted their attention by talking about..........basketball!  Ooo RAH!  TFTC!
  -  logging a TB that I found while checking on the cache.
  -  i found it well going to the socer games 
  -  found 8 28 05 11 05am.Nice hide,nice view.TN L my card.thanx.Doc
  -  Found this one easily, and really enjoyed the view of the field.  Thanks for the hide.  br Carla & Mark br Lost N Looking
  -  No loser here! Found cache and scored a smiley! br SL br Thanks! br Prairiepartners  Jim & Pam 
  -  Cache and dash. Thanks. Lets hope they are Hoosiers.
  -  Found this one with cuttermike. TNLNSL
  -  Thanks for the cache!  Much appreciation!
  -  We noticed a bunch of new ones in the area.  Figured wed head down and try to be the FTF for a couple of em.   p FTF #6. Woo Hoo!  SL.  Left signature magnet.
  -  Published
GCN74W: 
  name: Happ's Mighty Beanz by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=43659b82-bd8d-43d1-a309-0ade4eb1b494&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  This one was a true drive up and grab.  Name helped since GPSr was 32 off.  Took a mighty beanz  my first  and left a geo button.  TFTH and on on to the next one.  Turns out that this one is my 1200th find!!!
  -  Added 4 Mighty Beanz    now there are 8.
  -  Cache maintenance    all OK here.  Four Mighty Beanz inside; I will add more in the next few weeks. 
  -  Found at 13 50 SL TNLN TFTC br Gunkbob & Skip25
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Tried to find it in May but too many muggles. Found with no problem this time. br T one bean  br SL
  -  Thanks for all your Hides. You must be the NCs most overpaid cacher to do all these. Im impressed. 
  -  Found it at 1415 while caching with Team Wee Lee.  No one was around. br TNLNSL br Thanks and Semper Fidelis, Llatnek. br Ballentine, SC  29002 br BTW First time Id ever seen a mighty bean. br  edited to get the date right  p  This entry was edited by llatnek on Sunday, September 04, 2005 at 9 29 23 AM. 
  -  Ninth of 21 for the day. Cute idea. TFTH. We SL took a bean and left a Happy Rock who thinks it would be fun to hang out with some beans. Wee Lee, Smudge, Issa, Nutmeg and Tara the white mini from Chapin, SC.
  -  Found with Geophil!  Took a ninja mighty bean and left a signature.  Thanks for the Hunt!
  -  Took a bean out of curiosity.  Ill find out what they are for.  8 9 left.
  -  Added four Mighty Beanz.
  -  #908    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found this one easily but didnt take any beans.  There are still 5 6 beans in the container.  TFTH.
  -  Another quick cache, picked up as I was leaving the area from the INKY groups 2005 Blue Ridge Cache Trip.  This trip was planned by our local group with help from OzGuff in the Blue Ridge area.  The entire area is wonderful to visit for hiking, viewing, and geocaching.  Thanks!     Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  Found with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN br 
  -  What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! br ARF br Louisville, KY  br 
  -  Thanks for the Beanz. I was looking for pintos or limas and didnt find any of those. p Deermark br INKY group
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! p Thanks for the quickie.  It was dark and we needed one. p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY   br 
  -  This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area.
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p Almost missed the area in the dark. Once out of the car, we made a quick find.  p Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  Almost drove right by this one, but the wife yelled, RIGHT HERE. So I came to a sliding halt in the gravel. As soon as the dust settled and we were as sure as we could be no one was watching the grandson jumped out and grabbed it. We had already decided where it was while we were waiting.  p TFTH SL  br 2 Wingers
  -  Found it on a weekday miniblitz...Lots of fun on a beautiful day.  Thanks so much for the cache. HC
  -  Original contents  logbook and ten Mighty Beanz.
GCJT8H: 
  name: Power Plant by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=f6c6adc7-7821-4a5e-81f8-30e248fdbeee&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Needed one more for the day.  TFTH
  -  Found while on vacation 8 23. Thanks for the fun.
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Found at 15 00 SL TNLN Thanks ozguff br Gunkbob & Skip25
  -  Nice quick grab. Man it was a Hotttttttt day. Thanks for the hide. See you around my friend. p Nuwati
  -  Cache maintenance    all OK here.
  -  rain, rain go away gps said .3 miles next reading .4 miles past so kept going.
  -  Doh!  Wish I have brought my fishing pole!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   TFTH OzGuff!
  -  #929    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Another beautiful spot along the highway for a cache.  Looks like this would be a popular fishing place.  TFTH.
  -  Another quick cache, found while heading out of town from the INKY groups 2005 Blue Ridge Cache Trip. This trip was planned by our local group with help from OzGuff in the Blue Ridge area. The entire area is wonderful to visit for hiking, viewing, and geocaching. Thanks!  Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Cached and dashed with the InKy Crew on four day hiking trip in North Carolina.  Great time, great views and very tired legs!
  -  What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! p ARF br Louisville, KY
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  Found with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN br 
  -  Thanks for the quickie. p Deermark br INKY group
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! Many thanks! p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY   br 
  -  This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area.
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p They had it found before I could get out of the car.  p Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  I was guiding the INKY crew around the area today so was able to check on some caches at the same time    all OK here. PP was the stud here!
  -  5th find of the day.  Thanks!
  -  Replaced cache and moved it back to original spot.
  -  Cache gone missing. I will try to have a replacement back soon.
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  
  -  Thanks for the cache. p Regards, p Orthoguy br and br Adventurechick
  -  14 15 EST br At first, the GPS led me about 70 feet down the hill, which I knew from the description couldnt be right, but after about a minute it settled down and the coords were right on the spot. Found this one quickly despite all the traffic. I see what you mean about that bridge.
  -  Another find with BJ&Snurt.  TNLN  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Caching down 107 Tuckasegee River Valley.  Visiting big fat pipe, big pipe, power grid and finally....Power Plant.  Our caching group is not fooled.  We know now and have confirmed that these pipes carry Coca Cola from cola wells high in the Appalachians to this huge brick building that is labeled as a power plant.  We found a leak in the pipe and drank our fill of coke.  All now know that this is a coca cola botteling plant.  Ok, we concede that the coke first rushes down the pipes, through the turbines generating electricity and carbonation for the bottling process.  Found cache between cola belches.  We had a great time on this cache.
  -  This cache survived the flood waters of Frances but could not survive Ivan! The bridge that this cache was hidden near had the support pylons swept from under it. I have hidden a new cache in a different location, still near the power plant but further from the bridge area. I recommend folks stay away from the bridge as it is likely to be unstable!
  -  Hummmmmmm... nice hiding place, did not drop it into the water.  Traded something small for something tiny.  TFTH.
  -  FTF br we have been here before on a wild goose chase. cache was fairly visible.
GCHFEJ: 
  name: 3500 by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=406f02c8-df89-4b57-8b1c-1afcf972a1f9&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  We always enjoy this town and an occasional lunch at the Cornucopia. It was a double pleasure to work in a little geocaching while in the area. Had no problems in locating cache, but had to wait until a couple of muggles left the location. Thanks for the placement! br John & Mary br “GEOCACHING IS FUN!”  br 
  -  Cache maintenance    all OK here. Replaced logsheets.
  -  No luck too many rafters!
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  We went looking for this cache as part of our walk round Cashiers.  br Signed Log.
  -  Found it at 1135 with Team Wee Lee. br Smudge found it first then hung back till we all had our chance. br Cashiers sure has some nice public recreational areas. br Thanks and Semper Fidelis, Llatnek. br Ballentine, SC  29002
  -  Second of 21 for the day. We SLTN left a Happy Rock and a ladybug. TFTH. Wee Lee, Smudge, Issa, Nutmeg and Tara the white mini from Chapin, SC.
  -  Spent way too long looking in all the wrong places, GPS kept putting me right on top of it, but turns out I was about 10 feet away. Found it, SL&TNLN. On to some waterfalls.
  -  Used the clue cool box, cool place.
  -  Another plesant find on my day out with Geophil.  Thanks!
  -  Unfortunately, I know my son in law, OzGuff, much too well so I spent more time than necessary looking down storm sewers, under light standards, inside electrical boxes, etc. before heading to the more obvious nooks.  The paint color on this cache works very well to hide it from the muggles.
  -  Thanks for the great hide!
  -  Another cool hide by OzGuff.....thanks again for all the caches.
  -  #897    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  This cache was one of those I found with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky on our 2005 Blue Ridge Cache Trip.  The title somehow reminded me of the SciFi Channel miniseries, The 4400  I think , and I was picturing the Rocky Mountain Lake from that series as I hunted for this cache.  Thanks!     Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Found this with our InKy Crew on our wonderful 5 day Blue Ridge Mountain Adventure. Thanks for the hide. br WCNUT & Tater br Clarksville, IN p 
  -  Cached and dashed with the InKy Crew on four day hiking trip in North Carolina.  Great time, great views and very tired legs!
  -  Found while caching with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN
  -  What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! p ARF br Louisville, KY br   br 
  -  Thanks for another fun cache.  p Deermark br INKY group
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! Many thanks! p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY  p 
  -  This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area.
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p What a great park! Was sure to stay off the newly planted grass.  p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  Found with Dear Dora on the way to the Inky Stinky cache event. It was late in the afternoon, so the temp was dropping. Glad there were no muggles around,  it musta been too cold for them...  so finding the cache was not too difficult.  Signed the log and high tailed it back to the car...
  -  After an expensive stop at Highland Hiker we found this one. 9 of 12 for the day br SL
  -  Too bad it was so cold today.  This seems like a nice spot to just stop and watch the people pass by.  Atrus and I make quick work of locating the cache and signing the log. Brrr!
  -  We landed at The Country Cottage late this afternoon, for the InKy Stinky caching weekend, and met up with fellow GEOSET cachers and cabin cohorts, CarolinaMOOn & Unwilling Crew. After we corraled our caching gear back into the geo mobiles, we headed out for jombbls first caching trek in North Carolina, along nearby Lake Glenville and Cashiers.  We walked over from Cashiers Trail, dodging traffic, dipping, and making friends with a local cat along the way.  CarolinaMOOn found the cache while the rest of us were looking in the wrong places. We signed the log and then realized that Nature Walk was closer than the car, so we walked over to it. br Blair & Chip
  -  Found while out and about picking up 3 along the Cashiers Trail w jombbl today. Loved the urban trail and park.  p Heres a link to the Diping mentioned by jombbl above    a href http   www.geocaching.com seek log.aspx?LUID d7ee7294 936b 4e46 8d8e 5a5611e9ef46 target _blank visit link  a     p Glad we stopped by today as tomorrow  since I am loggin this several days ago since we actually found this cache, I can now tell you this as we were there the next day, err. tomorrow that is, but in all actuality it was 3 days ago, if you can follow me, but anyways, there is a big Earth Day Festival here tomorrow, 3 days ago and we couldnt have logged this cache if we went then. Park was filled with Bar b que, ppl everywhere, live band, bake sale, the works.  Was well hidden, but in a very public place.  TFTC Oz! TN  Left a geocache compass  I think  I checked in a couple of TBs on their way to the INKY Stinky event.  Carolina MOOn & Unwilling Crew p  This entry was edited by Carolina MOOn on Sunday, May 01, 2005 at 7 53 38 AM.  p  This entry was edited by Carolina MOOn on Sunday, May 01, 2005 at 7 54 20 AM. 
  -  Nice hide, this area looks like its being relandscaped. TFTC!
  -  Let me just say that 3 miles as the crow flies seems like it is a lot closer than 3 miles on a windy mountain road behind a dump truck. I had to get one more and this seemed like the best one. Quick grab then off to Hendersonville.
  -  Coords were quite a ways off, but the hint made it easy. br 
  -  Sightseeing with phanatik  SWMBO  and Maw Maw, and was too close to pass it up. My GPS was about 50 off all day. Found and signed. Love the area. br Thanx
  -  Two written logs not found online  no date attributed   p 1. Paul Allison Paul Paul PAUL PAUL p 2. Julie Harrold luvs ya!
  -  Glad I decided to check on this cache today as I found it  on the ground out in the open. Log was almost full so replaced with a new one. Also dropped in the Here Kitty Kitty TB. Also scanned and uploaded log pages. p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Friday, December 17, 2004 at 11 34 02 AM. 
  -  Out caching with Shadetracker and DAR +  while spending a day in NC from Atlanta. Good hide!  TNLN Micro
  -  Visiting from San Diego and catching some local caches.  Peachteacher made the find while Dar + and I looked in wrong corner.  TNLNSL...Thanks for the adventure
  -  Caching with family.  This is a pretty park.  I had trouble identifying the NE.  TNLNSL
  -  We evaded the only muggle in view and grabbed this one on a beautiful afternoon. Thanks for getting us out and about in this quaint part of Cashiers. TNSL.   JoeBobATL & the Amester
  -  Great park.  Glad no one was around to see short person trying to retrieve.  Thanks for the hide.
  -  Written log not found online  p Team Curly and birdie
  -  The Summit Charter School Geocachers were out today on their first hunt of the new semester. After getting familiar with the GPS units we hit this cache first. After 10 minutes of searching Barrett was the finder! He took the Ford keyring.  OzGuff promised to bring something to leave in the cache!  We decided that since the group is comprised of different students we can find caches multiple times.
  -  After the three caches at Whiteside Mountain and one on Lake Cashiers, this one was a walk in the park! TNLNSL, thanks for the break! br 
  -  Nice spot to have a picnic and watch the world go by. This was the second shot at trying to find this one. The gps was out in the bushes, but the hint saved us this time. br TFTH   SL br 2 Wingers
  -  In route home to the New Orleans area from Brevard and stopped to grab a cache or two along the way.  We saw a band setting up as we went for this one.  Ran a diversion taking photos of nearby flowers.  Then spent some money in a nearby shop. Thanks for the hunt.  Happy Trails, Team Bamboozle
  -  Our 1st of 12 for the day  and they were all OzGuffs!  We got a late start leaving Brevard so Laughing Moon and I told ourselves that we would do what we could and still rush back to Brevard by 7 pm in order to have dinner with friends. br    I had a pretty good idea where we would find this one and sure enough my hunch proved correct.  TNLNSL. We were lucky because about 10 minutes after we found the cache a band began setting up near the cache! p                                         Thanks! br                          Wanderlust and Laughing Moon  
  -  Written log not found online  p David Woodall TNLN
  -  Found this one after dark. Nice area, thanks for the cache.
  -  Written log not found online  p ANDREW 6 18 04
  -  Found this cache on a rainy drizzly day. Thank goodness for cover. It was well hidden and took us a while to spot it. Dont know how others could have accessed it with people around at all. We had to leave once before finding it due to other visitors to the park. Nice hide!!
  -  It was pretty funny watching DaringDiva and AdventureChick exploring the area with the band playing!  They would listen to the music, snapping their fingers looking like groupies and casually looking up and down until the cache was found.  This was very entertaining!
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found this w  Atlasdoc and DaringDiva. Thanks for the cache. p Regards, br Orthoguy br and br Adventurechick
  -  Great fun!  Live Southern Rock band playing at site and lots of folks enjoying the music!  We went into stealth mode and found the cache without being obvious.  p LNTN p DD
  -  Lady H found this one. Signed log. br Thanks, br Hostanut and Lady H
  -  Found 5 25 04 @ 1400 br Checked my compass and then found quickly. TNLN. Thanks for a fun cache. p 
  -  This one was fun.  Thanks for the adventure!  Wonderful park.  Me and Mountain Rascal looked high and low for this one.  My GPS compass must have been off or it was in the wrong corner.  However, it made for more fun! p Thanks, br Mismatched
  -  Lovely little spot!  Nice of those folks to donate the land for that park. p Took Quarter  Thanks Jordan!!  Left Keyring. p 
  -  FOUND EASILY BUT HAD TO HANG AROUND FOR WORKERS TO LEAVE.  2PM THANX.
  -  2pm br Found this one easily but had to wait for 3 park workers to move on before we retrieved it.  They are busy spiffing up the place for the summer tourists. Easy find. Thanks for the cache.
  -  Found it...eventually.  There were so many people around, cutting the grass, trimming bushes, had to be real sneaky.  Found the cache after 10 minutes and logged in. Thanks br 
  -  Took the Summit Charter School Geocachers out on this years first hunt. The kids had a ton of fun with the three caches they found today! Jordan found this cache and took the compass and left a quarter. Maybe not exactly an even trade but we will do better during our next outing! He also signed the log. p  Replacing notes under OzGuff with Found under the new account. 
  -  Good hide. Had to use the hint, though... Ill get better at this someday!
  -  we finally got to take a swing through cashiers. walked across the street and got a hot dog and a dr. enuff.sl
  -  Pulled in and nabbed this one likety split for our day out with the family.  We plan to take a gorgeous Sunday drive and snatch a few caches on our journey.  Thanks so much OzGuff for making this day possible with you caches.   br T N, L N br  Nuwati
  -  FTF. With sister. She grabbed the cache; I wanted to!
  -  FTF.  With my brother.  Kind of hard but finally found it. Sort of scary while getting it.
  -  Cache maintenance. Watched while my kids found it.  With hardly any hints from dad.  All in good order.
GCM6HY: 
  name: nth Rock by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=33c8a32d-f93d-4cfe-bb15-fccbd5f3ec09&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Last one for this stretch of the hwy.  I need to make up time so I can meet my friend down in Clayton, Ga.  This one was a quicker find than I thought it would be.  TFTH.
  -  There was another cache near here that I never did find.....  Got this one pretty quick during a beautiful drive in the mountains.  TNLNSL   TFTH
  -  Cache maintenance    all OK here.
  -  How do you know where to start counting with so many rocks? I dont know if I was on the right side of the street!
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Finally.  I needed the help of Geophil to find this one!
  -  As normal, a thinking cache. loved it. Found on the way to the mines.
  -  A quick grab and go today while caching in the Cashiers area.  TFTH.
  -  #900    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  This cache was one of those I found with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky on our 2005 Blue Ridge Cache Trip.  This trip was planned by our local group with help from OzGuff in the Blue Ridge area.  The entire area is wonderful to visit for hiking, viewing, and geocaching.  Thanks!     Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Found this with our InKy Crew on our wonderful 5 day Blue Ridge Mountain Adventure. Thanks for the hide. br WCNUT & Tater br Clarksville, IN p 
  -  Cached and dashed with the InKy Crew on four day hiking trip in North Carolina.  Great time, great views and very tired legs!
  -  What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! p ARF br Louisville, KY
  -  Found while caching with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN
  -  Five cars stop and 14 people pile out to hunt a micro. But nobody seemed to notice. What a world we live in. Thanks for the quickie. p Deermark br INKY group
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! Many thanks! p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY  br 
  -  This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area.
  -  I was looking at n   2 when someone else found it. Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p We made a quick find, tried not to get hit by a car, and moved one to get another cache. p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  Taz  F  being a school teacher couldnt understand the clue.  Teaches Art NOT MATH  Took almost as long to explain it as it did to find it. 7 of 12 for the day br SL
  -  We landed at The Country Cottage late this afternoon, for the InKy Stinky caching weekend, and met up with fellow GEOSET cachers and cabin cohorts, CarolinaMOOn & Unwilling Crew. After we corraled our caching gear back into the geo mobiles, we headed out for jombbls first caching trek in North Carolina, along nearby Lake Glenville and Cashiers. br This cache hunt was our 3rd of 6 for the afternoon & evening outing... after Eastern Continental Divide, and before Cashiers Trail. We were thinking this cache could also be named umpteenth Rock because thats where it seemed like we were looking when we finally found the rascally little micro  hint...?, what hint...? . img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  We signed the log, restashed the cache, and headed on down the road for the next caching adventure. Thanks, OzGuff.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  br Chip & Blair br jombbl @ geocaching br 
  -  Stopped by w jombbl today. I do belive we looked at nth rock and thought, thats the nth, huh? OzGuff?!! Was fun, had an Nnth of a good time! TN SL  Oh.. and TBs Doh and Who Who Who Der stopped by on their way to INKY Stinky. TFTC!  Carolina MOOn & Unwilling Crew
  -  Driving back and forth through Cashiers, stopped to hunt for this cache.  After a few minutes of searching I signed the log and headed back to Cachiers for the next Cache.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  This one was a little tricky. But we persevered  p TFTH SL br 2 Wingers
  -  The answer to the previous DNF is apparently C.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  Cache is exactly where I left it...
  -  Either its br  A  missing, br  B  greater than a two star difficulty, or br  C  KBIs brain done broke.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  Sightseeing with phanatik  SWMBO  and had to give it a shot. Clever cammo job. Phanatik spotted it first. SL br Thanx
  -  HOORAY!!! WE WERE FIRST TO FIND for this cache, our first FTF. Not a hard one, given the title. Surprised someone else had not already zeroed in on this one. We had tried looking for an earlier cache at this general location, but it was gone so we were glad to come back to the area and find a replacement.
GCKKR1: 
  name: hoem skoold by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=f7b08ac6-a2b2-4ede-bf00-2219c8869e58&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  The answer is Jan 1979 Alaska became a state. br How many states border Massachusetts and what are they?
  -  Found at 15 30 SL the name was a life saver as the GPS had me all over the area but where it should have sent me. br Spent more time trying to find the street than finding the cache.
  -  One of several we found today. To answer gotro&hcs question, a single star.  br My question is, name the month & year Alaska became a state.  p TFTH TNLN SL br 2 Wingers
  -  New cache in place.
  -  Cache maintenance May 31    all not OK. Cache gone; will try to have replaced soon.
  -  No luck finding this cache today.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle   Suppose Id shood have payed more ttention in skool!
  -  Was going to grab this and ATV but a truck was parked in the only pull off area I could find.  Went and snagged ATV and came back, but the truck was still there.  Decided to leave this one for another visit.
  -  My intent with the question part of this cache is that cachers learn about topics they may not be familiar with. I have added a requirement that the question be of educational value.  This is to stop questions like How old am I?  p Please make your question about some area that you know well so that we can all learn!  See    geocaching CAN BE about something more than just finding plastic boxes in the woods!  p FYI    I now know how many stars are on the Bonnie Blue Flag!  Look like dis hoem skoolin be workin!  Thanks to gotro and hungry coyote for directing me to an area I previously knew nothing about!! p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Wednesday, September 22, 2004 at 6 29 37 PM. 
  -  Answer  br Australia was federated to form a unified independent nation, the Commonwealth of Australia, in 1901. gotro p  br This cache is right across the road from some friends pasture  we could see the horses pacing around as we got it.  People sure gave us some suspicious looks  maybe  they dont cotton to strangers round these parts! Thanks for the cache.  p Question  br How many stars are in the BONNIE  BLUE FLAG? p HC p  This entry was edited by gotro&hc on Wednesday, September 22, 2004 at 2 59 19 PM.  p  This entry was edited by gotro&hc on Thursday, September 23, 2004 at 7 24 39 PM. 
GCMBT3: 
  name: The Greek Court by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=564407d1-e61d-441e-a8cd-cbe58cc90652&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Found at 14 25 SLTNLN Still road repair going on but got through it this time. br Gunkbob & Skip25
  -  Found it at 1600 while caching with Team Wee Lee.  We had to really meander around due to the construction detours. br Ive never been very successful at fishing, but I reeled this one in.  Good Hide. br Thanks and Semper Fidelis, Llatnek. br Ballentine, SC  29002
  -  Good thing we were caching with Llatnek. Our info was old, but he had what we needed and found the cache quickly. We SLTNLN. TFTH. Wee Lee, Smudge, Issa, Nutmeg and Tara the white mini.
  -  Curious college frat boys all around! This would have been much worse in the fall.  It took a little stealth, but I found it quickly and undetected.
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy.. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  One of a handfull of caches we picked up on our way through Sylva. Thanks for the caches, we had a great time. br tnln p Regards, p Orthoguy p and p Adventurechick p 
  -  Cache back online. Moved it slightly; changed the coords and clue.
  -  Cache maintenance    all NOT OK here. Again! I will replace it one more time but may move it a little.  And will change the coordinaets accordingly.  Will be back up later today...
  -  Cache maintenance    all NOT OK! After the DNF I zipped over to have a look see; the cache is gone. I wont disable it as I am replacing it in the next 60 minutes. p Edited to add   b Cache is now back in place!  b  p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Thursday, June 23, 2005 at 4 42 18 AM. 
  -  This area was hard for us to locate without local maps.  We finally asked some kids about where it might be located and they told us about the construction area.  When we arrived at the court, nobody was in sight.  We spent 20 minutes looking around without any clue where it might be.  The GPSr had us in the middle of the court.  Then we looked at the hint and spent another 45 minutes looking in vain.  I would say this is a tough hide but we havent been too good at finding many of the micros in the area.  Im sure we overlooked this one as well.  At least some quys came out before we left and I had the chance to shoot some hoops before it started raining.  Thanks for another challenging cache.
  -  This visit by the INKY team, and a subsequent visit on the 27th failed to turn up the cache.  Sorry about that.   Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Found with dad and Tahu.
  -  Found with dad and OzMeg.
  -  It was depressing to see a once beautiful area despoiled by cruddy looking institutional structures.  These are actually reminiscent of the PANOPTICON prison structures envisioned by Jeremy Bentham of the Utilitarian school.  NO JOKE!  Doubly discouraging was the damage done to trout habitat to the west...I guess I dont see growth as an benefit in this case. Why couldnt the campus go up instead of out?  PAVE PARADISE, PUT UP A PARKING LOT. p HC
GCHJ3G: 
  name: Sign In Please... by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=f7e62b60-30bc-4cd4-aa99-aadba8fb1990&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Found it, signed in and went on to Granny Burrell Falls. Rain started here. br 2 stickers still there. Thanks for a quick and easy start to the day.
  -  I signed in and headed for Granny Burrell Falls cache.  After I found that one, I decided to go after the two I missed on Wednesday.  Ended up hiking to the East entrance.  Made my way back stopping at School House Falls for some pictures.  Total trip about 7.5 miles.
  -  Found this without any trouble and signed in. I came here to start the Your Choice Cache. Thanks for the hide.  p Nuwati
  -  Dropped by to add two GC.com stickers to the cache container.
  -  Creative!!!!We did quite a bit of looking...
  -  We agree this one needs a stamp to show exactly what it is. A very creative cache!
  -  A good warm up cache.  It would be nice if there was a geocache sticker somewhere so that you would be sure that you have in fact found it. br The Roberts Family, Bones, Angie, and Lucy
  -  Found with family.  On my birthday! 
  -  Wow!  An FTF with the family.  You may want to contemplate whats in a name?
  -  On a hike with the family. FTF with sister and grandpa.
  -  The family went for a hike in Panthertown Valley. I was FTF on this cache  along with my Grandpa and brother . I also found the Panthertown Pilgrimage cache this trip!
  -  Dropping Taking personal TB.
GCNMPD: 
  name: H.A.G. II by OzGuff
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=4638fe0f-4d2f-472b-a164-5db9d6b3bbb1&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Three of four today in Panthertown.  Thanks for the clue, my GPS read 90 feet from the coords.
  -  Found the first part just couldnt find the second.
  -  A nice multi in Panthertown. Had a little jump on the GPS.  br T Marble br L PMRR keychain
  -  Enjoyed this new Quickie. Tazclimber and rods&ropes had a great day. TNLN Thanks
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p Glad we had Young Turtle AKA the Vertical Retriever, with us. If Not I would have had to do it being a lot younger than the rest of the group   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  p Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  Found after doing Yosemite of the East.  Thanks for placing this cache. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN p  This entry was edited by JPlus14 on Thursday, April 28, 2005 at 11 05 17 PM. 
  -  What beautiful country. Found this on a great adventure with the INKY crew. Thanks for hiding these great caches. br Prairiepartner br Williams, IN  br 
  -  Piece o cake.  Then I died. p What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! p ARF br Louisville, KY
  -  After doing Yosemite this one was a breeze. Kepnfit is younger but I did notice him dropping back on the climb to the final spot of the Yosemite multi. Younger is not always better. Thanks. p Deermark br INKY group
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! p Neat spot for a cache!  I wish my GPSr had swung around earlier to put me in a position to have found it before the crowd.  Thanks! p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY   br 
  -  Well I had to bale on my InKy clan on this one, but I was with them in spirit. I did get to place my hand on the container before it was placed in its home. br 
  -  I really hope people in N.C. still realize what beauty they have all around them. It is so easy to get get caught up in every day life and forget to look around.  p Thanks for showing us your area, In 4 days we saw, via geocaching, what would have taken us 20 years worth of vacations to see otherwise. Cant wait to see the rest of it. p Shonky corrds or not we had a great time even after an occasional shellacking. br Ta Cobber. br Goodonyermate!
  -  I was here guiding the INKY crew through Panthertown. I replaced the HIGH OVER GREENLAND cache with this cache  and then let the INKY crew beta test it . Original contents  logbook, bungee cord, Crazy Eights card game, Three Stooges DVD, marble, hair ties, large die, Find Me hardback by Rosie ODonnell, apatosaurus, T Rex.
GCJN3T: 
  name: Manmade Too by NC_Ron&amp;Dianne
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=3af4e0f7-7e14-4396-90b7-cdfcd4688161&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Road is closed from 475B for repair.
  -  Found it, pretty neat spot. Our 11th of the day! Took a bracelet and left rubber army man. 
  -  This was a nice, cool creek area on a HOT, humid day.  Thank for the spot. HC
  -  This is a great section of forest! Like Nuwati, we would have to agree that some of our favorite swimming spots are along this trail. TNLNSL. p                               Thanks for a good cache! br                              Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  -  found it,thanks!
  -  I have gone after the first manmade and came out empty handed. Great cache, tricky hide. Thanks for the hunt. p Nuwati 
  -  What do you call someone whos dirty and soaking wet and sliding into the creek? One happy geo cacher! I try not to use the spoilers, but the coverage is so heavy here the GPS was way off. Lie, steal, cheat just make sure you find it!!
GCP957: 
  name: Caney Fork #4 by OzGuff [4WD by 3zzz3]
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=37984de7-8456-4a18-8dd6-69eee4040edb&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  With MXCR we got this one in our hands quick. And moved on to the final stage of this series of caches on Caney Fork. br LL100
  -  This was the final piece of the puzzle that we needed to go to the Final Caney Fork #5.  We got this one pretty easy, except for one small copperhead, it was a routine find.  The view from this area is outstanding. It seems that we are the FTF on #2,,#3,,and #4.  Ill move the TB on, the cache was so full that there wasnt much room for him.  Took rain poncho and left a biner. TFTC.  MXCR
  -  Took the BRP today specifically to see if you could hike down to this cache. It was a very easy stroll. Dropped the Jimmy Vasser bear into the cache.  Which is now incredibly full! 
  -  Original contents  logbook and pens, rain poncho, jump rope, deck of cards, pink survey tape, screwdriver set, Play doh activity pack, measuring tape, 2 clips, smiley face game.
GCJQZA: 
  name: AQUAJITO MARBLES created by THE THIRYS and 2frenchgirls
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCJQZA&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  br Took my three nieces and nephew to find this but it wasnt there.  My son and I found this one before, but its no longer in the same spot.  I think someone may have taken it.
  -  This was our first CA. cache found in Sept. however, today we took a friend, and let her do the work. At the same location where we found the cache, there was nothing there. Perhaps someone misplaced it nearby, or it has been taken. We enjoyed it the first time we found it and left a sheet of stickers.
  -  Quick find thanks to the hint! We love good hints! TFTC
  -  The Mason Marauders aka Sobek  from Cincinnati  , Orvie, Eagle Eye, Duffer and Jtiger found the cache. Took 3 marbles and left three others. p Thanks for setting this up!
  -  I found this one with my family after running some errands in Monterey. I left an orange and white marble and took the Halloween geocoin. p Prunedale, CA
  -  After a month of caching on the east coast, I brought some travelers home with me and wanted to drop them in a cache as soon as possible since theyve been in my suitcase a few weeks.  Hope they enjoyed the ride.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  First cache ever found. Took a marble, left a sheet of stickers  smile faces .
  -  Our first CA cache!  Close to home but a nice little place to stop and take a walk.  TFTC.
  -  11 03  We found this cache while we were in the area, waiting for my cousin to finish some work at the state parks office.  A peaceful little area and nice spot to watch tadpoles! p Thank you for the cache.
  -  Found this one on our way out of Monterey.  Nice location.
  -  What a great roadside stop. Left Genie Bottle Top which is actually a marble.
  -  Found It!  D Nice Short Bike Ride. Took 2 marbles and left some beads.
  -  lOVE THE MARBLES.  TOOK ONE, LEFT TWO
  -  Found with my son, scottdudester, and finally logging the cache after setting up my own ID.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Went again with Mom after a years break.  Added a little to the camo. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   Took several items, left many marbles.  TFTC! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found with Wavesprite.  Finally getting a chance to log my finds.  TFTC
  -  Found it, what a great find for our daughter, she loved looking at them marbles.  Took two left two antique marbles.  Thank you.
  -  Nice easy find for the kids!
  -  17 05 #1048 br Easily found. Nice little spot. br TFTC  br Virtual Regards from ArktiS br Denmark br www.Geocacher.dk br 
  -  As advertised, this was a quick find.  What a beautiful little spot!  We saw a large something jump into the pond and swim away as we approached...it was either a big fish that had been in the shallows, or it was a really big frog.  Whatever it was, it hadnt consumed the two ducks seen by geosharks14 two days ago, because they were still there and still cute.  TNLNSL.  Thanks!   #259 
  -  TFTH.  It was fun for my son and I.  We saw two cute ducks.
  -  The GPSr and the altitude description kept trying to send me up the hill, but that just didnt match the way this cache sounded, so I wandered around until I stumbled across it. TFTC. br 
  -  Decided that I wanted to get this one as I was driving out of town to SFO.  Glad a I made the stop.
  -  Yay! I loved this one!!! My only regret is going alone and at dusk....eeek! Its really beautiful though, and smells really good too!  br T Blue glass lump br L  Cinnibar bead
  -  A nice grab on my way up to Jacks Peak. The trees were playing keep away with the GPS signals for me, no matter where I went it said I was 80 feet away! Used the hint and found out I was just a short distance away and just didnt look very well. p Took and left nothing, thanks for the cache!
  -  Second find of the day, it took a bit of searching around.  Signed the log, not much paper left in the book.  TNLN, TFTC.
  -  Was here with Strongbear,......8Zookeeper
  -  We are caching our way to Monterey for the week end, and a few days of caching on the coast, TFTC, TNSL, Left a BLUE ROCK,......Strongbear & 8Zookeeper
  -  5 33p p Going back home, this was the last for the two days spent in the area. What a beautiful setting this was. Thanks. p Took orange marble, Left 8Ball, SL p NHGs
  -  Nice spot. br Saw a deer by the road. br Took nothing.
  -  Nice hide...saw one deer on the road while driving to this spot. Lots of cool marbles. TFTC
  -  Took a green tumbled glass piece, left pink glass bead  only thing I had on me!  TFTC
  -  My first find!  Very easy but with a lot of home from work traffic.  Im sure it looked like I was peeing in the woods!  br Took a marble that looked like a Hersheys kiss and left a crazy orange one.  Thanks!
  -  Decided to revisit some DNFs and not able to get to caches on a day off from work.  Had cruised by this area previously but was put off by the number of construction workers nearby.  Everything was quiet today  so quiet that the cache site was almost creepy!  Took heart marble; left three odd marbles collected from caches in Veterans Park.  TFTC!!
  -  I was in Monterey for the weekend and just had to grab this cache as it was recommended to me by one of the owners  Hi 2frenchgirls! . It was so cold today that part of the nearby pond was frozen over  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle . Luckily the cache wasnt and since I didnt have any marbles to trade I just took the geocoin and signed the logbook. TFTC!!!!
  -  Great location. T marble L marble
  -  LNTN
  -  Easy find.  All the snobs from the local area drove by glaring at us.  Wife found it.  Took  Marble.  Left  Dental Floss.
  -  WE found the cache left 10 Cateye Marbles and dropped off Travel coin.
  -  TFTC
  -  TFTC
  -  Great spot!  The kids loved finding this one.
  -  Beautiful walk and a quick and easy find.  T Blue glass, L  Black glass.  TFTC!
  -  This was a great area for a cache.  Nice easy find, traded marbles and SL.  TFTC! p Treefrogz, geocationing from Allentown, PA
  -  Nice area for a cache.  TFTC, TNLNSL  I lost my marbles years ago 
  -  Another cache in a part of town we had not yet discovered. T cool marble  L glass from Glass Beach in Fort Bragg.  TFTC.
  -  Nice day for geocaching. Swapped 3 marbles. TFTC
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Pink Static and 50sumtin were in Pacific Grove and Monterey to go to the Aquarium  we saw them feed the tuna in the large tank  way cool!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   before going to the geoevent at Phils in Moss Landing today  which was also very fun!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   and in between we did a few caches. The cache was quick and easy! SL 50sumtin and Pink Static
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Pink Static and 50sumtin were in Pacific Grove and Monterey to go to the Aquarium  we saw them feed the tuna in the large tank  way cool!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   before going to the geoevent at Phils in Moss Landing today  which was also very fun!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   and in between we did a few caches. The cache was quick and easy! SL 50sumtin and Pink Static
  -  Great day for a cache.  TNLN. Thanks!
  -  Cool spot!  My gps went non linear as I wandered into the oaks but just as I contemplated corrections the prime spot came into view.  Good Hide!  Thanks.
  -  Druid Carol spied it as we walked up to the area.  The cache was sitting out in plain sight.  We covered it up better.  People have accused the Druids of losing their marbles years ago! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   TNLNSL.  TFTH!
  -  TFTC   mini had a great time playing around the pond while I sorted out GPS reception under the canopy!  T 2 marbles, L 3 blue glass beads.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Fun!
  -  Lots of marbles!
  -  Stopped by to check on the cache and drop Tobys Beach Cachoids Geocoin.  Well stocked with marbles, thanks for keeping to the theme.  
  -  First one we found today, nice location for a walk. Didnt have any marbles though, so TNLN.  Have a better one!  macaday
  -  Nice area. Weve been meaning to get this one for awhile, and finally found it today. TNLN
  -  Sorry that I didnt leave any glass beads or marbles.  I did free up some space by taking the California Raisin Travel Bug.  I left a California Geocachers wooden nickel. p TFTC
  -  This one took me longer than it should have.  I spent way too much time chasing the arrow on the GPSr under the pine trees.  I finally got smart and walked out to the road where there was a good signal, then just walked on the road until the arrow pointed at 90 degrees.  Walked right to it after that.  Nice cache, in a quiet, serene location.  Nice break from all the traffic downtown.
  -  #3 of 8. 0647. What a beautiful little location. It was so peaceful this morning. Very little traffic at this hour which was a little surprising. TN, left marble, SL. TFTC.
  -  A fun one right off the road. 
  -  Found this today with the kids. TFTC!  Left Raisin travel bug.
  -  Vacationing in this incredible area of Monterey and finding some time for just a little caching. Nice area but the tree cover made reception tricky at times and the needle was all over the place. Running out of time so the hint helped alot. Took Ying Yang ball, left a key chain mag glass  sorry I broke from the theme!  SL, thanks  
  -  My very first find!!!  Did it without GPSr, just the clue!  Were hooked!  TNLNSL TFTH
  -  We checked this cache a few days ago and alas no TBs. We would like to know where Dara The Tripletts went. Does anyone know?  We reported it missing. Thanks, 2frenchgirls
  -  My first find!  A friend of mine introduced me to the sport and I got hooked! I registered this morning and found the Aquajito Marbles an hour later p 
  -  Found it with the help of 2frenchgirls. We had so much fun. Deposited our treasure and moved on to our next hunt. The kids had a great time, though the dog was not very happy with all the burrs.
  -  Had a great time finding this one. We traded out 2 marbles...one for each of our boys. We were hoping to pick up the travel bug to take it back to the east coast, but it was already gone.     Thanks for a fun time! 
  -  GPSr was all over the place, so we had to resort to the hint, that made it easy.  We sat on the tail gate and watched the cutest family of newbie geocachers searching a football field sized area.  We finally told them that we had what they were looking, the boys were quite disappointed, but happy to leave their treasure and carefully re hide the cache.
  -  Showed my son how to Geocache with this one.  Nice beginner
  -  I was intending to go caching up at Jacks Peak Park but it was not open.  This was a very pleasant alternative.  My dog totally enjoyed the pinecones.  They are his favorite toy and we cut down the two Douglas firs by our house a couple years ago so he hasnt had many to play with lately.  The find was easy so I sat in the shade, enjoyed the peace and quiet for a bit while and threw a pinecone his direction every now and then.  Good fun.
  -  First cache ever.  Lots of fun.  Left marble and took nothing.  Off to next cache.
  -  First cache of the day. Nice hide and cache full of marbles. Have hooked sister and brother in law on to the sport. p  This entry was edited by bentfort on Saturday, May 27, 2006 at 5 58 42 PM. 
  -  Found this one out in the open.  I hid it where and how I thought it was originally.  Thanks for the hunt.  TNLNSL.
  -  IT took some time for the coords to settle down under the trees, had to backtrack because I walked too fast. Nice scenic place.
  -  Took some looking but I manage to find it.  The TB Dara of the Triplets is no longer in this cache  this needs to be updated. TBGP80  Fuscus Ranna  was in the cache instead.  I have picked up Fuscus Ranna for transport to MD. p  This entry was edited by Son_of_Mt_Soma on Sunday, June 11, 2006 at 3 00 19 PM. 
  -  The kids loved this cache, it took us away from the tourists for a bit. Thanks.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  My first cache! Very COOL. TNLNSL     signed log as sj sharkie, old user name 
  -  Sorry, Im having a little trouble dropping the TB.
  -  Forgot to drop the TB.
  -  Rose found this one. She noticed the stuff right away.  br T 1 blue marble and a clear glass pebble w flag.  br L 3 marbles and Dara of the triplets TB.TFTC. 
  -  I found It!!!!!!!! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  This is my first cache. The give away part was the pine bough. I took a rubber ball and left a flashlight  Is that OK? img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle   Found this one with my dad  Love the way you hid it so you have to be looking for it to find it img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle    you know, with the pine cones   Think you should lower the difficulty img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle .
  -  YaYa sisters are leaving today.  Last cache.  Took marble left marble.  Poson oak near but one can get the cache without fear. Took marble and left big marble.  TFTC
  -  Great place  bring marbles to exchange.  I had none.  Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  GeoRatz from Massachusetts visited this cache with his friend Dan who made the find  his first . A nice spot. TNLNSL. 
  -  I was with Geo Pilot when he found this cache and as he said in his post, it got me hooked! When I got back to Texas I went out and bought a GPS and signed up on www.geocaching.com. My first find  after signing up had a USA Coin that had started out in New Zealand and my second had a Travel Bug. Caching is a good excuse to get outside.
  -  Found this one after dinner with a co worker while we were in the area on a trip. It was his first find and now hes hooked. He actually found it while I was starring at my GPS. This probably helped him to get hooked too. Was a nice find in the dark; bet its pretty in the daytime. Cache in great shape. TNLNSL.
  -  On our way to the airport and ran out of time looking   didnt even get close!
  -  We picked up Xena and a wooden nickel because a wooden nickel isnt a marble.  Left two yellow smiley face marbles.
  -  Just a note to state that my son, who is a student at Naval Postgraduate School and my grandson, Max, who is in first grade, dropped off T and A  Warrior Women  Xena. Xena made a trip from Central Iowa to Central California to fight for justice and whatever else Xena does in her spare time.
  -  My first cache find.  A lovely walk.
  -  Found with Truckgirl. Sorry for taking so long to log the visit. I have decided to to try to keep up with Truckgirl and log my own finds. TFTC. br 
  -  Gastank spotted this one as soon as we walked up to the area, hid it a little better after we TNLNSL
  -  Found it with two young kids. Had to reset the GPS once nearby but very easy to find. We put lots and lots of pine cones on top of the cache. 
  -  Our first geocache!  Easy to find  thanks for the hint!  We replaced some of the pine cones on top.
  -  Was tempted to head up into the poison oak, but I reset my GPS which then pointed me right to the cache.  Thanks.
  -  TFTC.  TNLN.  
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Quick find in a very nice area. Thanks for taking us there. TNLNSLTFTH
  -  Z found this one with P while I reorganized our geocaching bag at the car.  The container was in good shape and the contents were enjoyable.  We traded glass beads. p TFTC! p  S.
  -  also no marbles but lots of appreciation for this nice spot   whats with that colored fountain water though?  Cache was out in the open so I concealed completely with seratinous Monterey cones   look that one up.  TNLN.  Thanks.
  -  Nice cache in a pleasant area.  Accurate coordinates led right to the cache location.  No marbles to trade so just signed the log.  Thanks for the cache.  Rivercity and Team Moagy.
  -  Nice little spot, it was quiet all around found it with no problems, walked right up to it. br T  two cat eyes  br L  bag of decorative marbles br TFTCSL
  -  Quick Cache w  Monkeynuts16.  Cool little spot. T  Marble L  Gem TFTC
  -  Nice location, quick cache.  TNLN.
  -  Dropped by for this quick cache befor doctors apt.TN LN.THANKS FOR THE CACHE.
  -  Quick park and grab on my way back from Jacks Peak. Wasnt too crazy about parking on the side of the road, I swear the same cop car drove by twice. TNLN Thanks!
  -  7 45 pm.  Down in Carmel for the afternoon and an early dinner.  I stopped here to make the quick grab before heading home.  TNLNSL.  Thanks!  # 1572
  -  Nice place, but I was not fortunate enough to encounter deer. TNLNSL
  -  Our first find in Monterey, CA. We live just down the road in La Mesa and took a family walk after dinner to find this one. TNLNSL.
  -  Came out to Ca. to see friends, wanted to fine a few caches while I was there. Thanks for the hunt. br Dodger 46 br Greenville, Ms
  -  This was a record weekend for Team Bernd das Brot  16 caches between Friday evening and Sunday afternoon.  GPS seems to have some problems in this canyon, we never got closer than 50ft.  Thanks for the extra hint. p Sorry, we didnt have any marbles to exchange so we only  signed the log. p Thanks for the cache! p  br  This entry was edited by Bernd das Brot Team on Wednesday, August 03, 2005 at 2 16 35 PM. 
  -  Myself, Mudpuppy, Beast, and Gloria found this cache.  We took the dice and left 3 marbles.  Signed log.
  -  The second for today, quick find. br Thanks for the cache! br 
  -  Found at 1605. TNLNSL. I liked the pond and the road was a fun one to drive on. 
  -  First off...  ~Sorry~ br I have read the rules before... long ago.  Was paperless and didnt remember the strong emphasis on marbles only. br L  Paradise in a jar, Sig Geo Tag br     I left two signature items, but no marbles.  br I know the rules are meant for everyone, and I dont mean any disrespect by straying from them here. br T  one small marble p Thanks... forgive me please...    
  -  3rd cache found today. Fun to get out to some old stomping grounds which I had not been to in years....best part about geocaching is appreciating the area we live in and sharing it with a buddy.T purple white marble, L  Catseye Boulder, SL
  -  Too cold to wade in the pond but nice little park.  Area very well maintained   been past it many time in many years.  Found with Twisted Treker   LMTNSL
  -  Beautiful day....nice area!
  -  Searched high and low.  Too many good places for it to be hidden in.  Maybe I will go back sometime and try again. p           O ing
  -  nice area, thx for the hunt
  -  Am from Md and was attending conference in Monterey & did a little caching. Hardest part was finding a place to park. TNLN.
  -  Good drive by cache.  I took a while to locate as our GPS was spinning a bit.  We did manage to locate the cache.  Took 2 marbles and left 2 marbles.  TFTH
  -  Very nice area for a cache.  Thanks.  TNLNSL.   Find #49. 
  -  Swinging by Monterey all the way from PA   thanks for a great hunt. Mz. Kingfish made the find. TLNL
  -  dropped the Flash flor a short visit
  -  4 06 PM  We spend the day caching and were headed back to Marina for dinner.  Could not pass up and easy one, could we?    I parked on the shoulder in a direct line to the cache.  When O got out, the GPS started pointing me 150 see away.  FOllowed the GPS and quickly lost signal.   Did not regain signal for some time.  I searched the area the GPS took me to, but realized it was wrong. p I put away the GPS and went with my instincts.  I went back to where the car was and walke dthe 60 feet in the direction I was originally pointed.  I found the cache within a few moments.  Took the Flash to the pond for a photo op.
  -  Once we got on the right road, were able to find it fairly quickly. No marbles so TNLNSL, thanks for the drive.
  -  very nice spot.  We enjoyed the hunt fo our first geocaching.
  -  Yes, it is a very nice spot and yes, the log book is full. 
  -  Found it again.  I had no marbles, so I took nothing and left nothing.  Nice spot.  If I remember correctly, I think the log is full.  armyrotc1
  -  Nina found first, but for once didnt give it away before Russell could stumble across it. p T  CITO, 2 marbles br L  2 marbles br SL p Nice cache    p    Note To Owner    br Logbook full br Poison oak stems now visible, but are still totally avoidable. br 
  -  Our first cache, thanks Thirys!  Later...Hey B  from your first class and second class friends A & N  D
  -  Didnt leave any marble, but did leave a small travel bug.  TFTC
  -  6 59 pm br My GPS was about 50ft off so I used the hint. Nice cache. Visiting from up north and didnt have any marbles. br Nice hint. br TNX, br GH
  -  Our number four find today at 5 45 p.m.  TNSL and left a strand of silvery marble beads.  Thanks for a quick fun one.  rborch
  -  Stopped in on our way to Jacks Peak and grabbed this one.  T  marble, TB  L  2 marbles
  -  Found this one with no trouble while I was on the way to Monterey.  Apparently two other cachers where here this morning before I was.  The TB is gone, but I left a muti colored marble for the golden dollar coin.  Nice area.
  -  Drove down from Sunnyvale, where I was on a biz trip. Got to the cache around 3 20 this afternoon. My first California cache  although I tried for 2 others closer to the Pier to no avail.  Left Travel Bug Speedy Turtle. Took a black marble. Signed log. TFTC!
  -  Rented a car and found the cache before driving back to SFO for my flight home to Scouth Carolina. br pmwerner44
  -  Stopped by here after going to the dentist.  Quick easy find.  TN, left AA460 packet. p AA460 Monterey Co. br 
  -  Our first cache!  Thanks, this is going to be a fun family hobby!!
  -  Great and easy find! Left the Geo Gecko travelbug, took strap.  Beautiful day while in Monterey! br 
  -  Pretty Spot. Not only found the cache but many deer bones scattered over the area! There was also a squirrel muggle watching our every move. T. spotted marble L. marble ball p Mumarsh and Fishdock
  -  Found this one pretty easily once I disregarded what my gpsr was saying. Didnt have a marble or a glass bead, so i left a sone bead. Took a dime. TFTC.
  -  In town visiting family for the holidays! Looking for easy to get to caches to show my grand kids! They are begining to want to know about these caches  Or finding the boxes, as they call it!  Did not have an appropreate trade so TNLN. Will come back grandkids some time and leave somthing suitable. Great little canyon and roadside park  I guess you could call it a park  TFTC SL p P.S. Log book getting full, also Geocache lable coming unglued from container.
  -  got this one. go margaret
  -  1224 hours   Located cache after a small search in the woods.  Came across some conspicuous bones.  I wonder if they belong to a geocacher who is still looking for this one.  Some poison oak in the area, but it was not an immediate concern in finding the cache.  br TNLNSL  westlog02   Linda br 
  -  1224 hours  Fun little cache. We parked a ways away and walked a bit to enjoy the excellent noon weather in the midst of this tough Monterey winter. Gee whiz. Life sure is tough. Didnt even hit 70 degrees F today, but the sun was superb. Found a marble cache to drop off my marble eye dude. br Took  Key holder to make another cache. br Left  Little squeezie marble eye alien  br and............ br CITO trash bag mini  film canister  container.  SL br Thanks for a nifty cache & 73  WestLog   Rick
  -  Fun find. Took the grandkids back the next day and they really enjoyed it since it was VERY close to their house.  Took one magnetic key box to make a mini cache in Idaho. p  This entry was edited by rv6aflyer on Sunday, December 05, 2004 at 6 16 33 PM. 
  -  Found some mushrooms. Thanks for the snack. BTW, we collected the purple bear travel bug to take to a geo event tomorrow.
  -  Quick cache, thanks.
  -  Quick find, thankfully.  No marbles   left a magnetic keyholder.  Wild mushrooms nearby.  Thanks!
  -  I too got this one by flashlight...spooky.  Dropped off a TB.  Thanks   Weizen
  -  Did a day trip today to Monterey and encluded this cache. Didnt have any baubles so didnt take anything. Signed the log an re hid the cache. p Thanks
  -  Pretty little drive, never been back there before, and the geocache was easy to find.  Also, played kickball with the golfball to make the walk back to the car a little more fun.
  -  nice easy little cache. unfortunately i lost my marbles here though. but me and sherlock 2112 found a golf ball. and clue from me, dont think or try to hard and climb up the hill. 
  -  Nice Hide!  Weve driven past this location extensively and didnt know until today that there was a cache hidden here.  The boys left a sky blue marble.  TFTC!
  -  Night time was the right time for coonhunters to sneak around the forest and tree some game... oops... I mean... find the cache. Huh huh... Well TFTC! TNLNSL.
  -  A little late logging this one.  I was on my way to an appointment and decided to avoid the back up on Hwy 1.  It occured to me that I hadnt done this one, so it made sense to make a quick detour and snag this one.  Some guy was checking out the street lighting across the street so I had to use my geo stealth and do it discretely.  I walked by, casually snagged the cache  pretty easy hide , and meandered through the trees another couple hundred feet where I couldnt be seen. p Unfortunately, being a spur of the moment thing, I wasnt prepared with any appropriate trade items.  Loved looking at the collection that was there, but TNLN.  Thanks for the regular sized cache in this little micro sized park.
  -  A quick park and grab! Removed a golf ball because it was too big. Didnt have any marbles, so LN. TFTC br Falconpilot
  -  found with E7211. tnlnsl. thanks br cache in good condition.
  -  I was only batting .500 this morning, so was glad this was an easy find... br Took Lady Luck Lion TB.
  -  Easy find. E7211 and crew. Tee for 2 took travel bug and must have not logged it. TNLN 
  -  Well, at least I found  i one  i  cache in the Monterey area today!  CoffeeDog and I avoided the poison oak assiduously, and found the cache with no problem.  I noted the TB inside, but left it for the next finder.  Very nice little park here!
  -  Took my golden retriever to the beach today for a run in the sand and a splash in the water. Thought Id take her for a quick cache hunt before going home. Found the cache without difficulty and managed to stay clear of the nearby poison oak which is flashing its red warning sign this time of year. TNLNSL
  -  found by Alan.  I didnt have any marbles, so I left a golf ball,  hope I didnt ruin the theme  TN.  Nice little cache.
  -  Introduced a friend, Jade, to the world of Geocaching.  We walked back and fourth a great deal, and got asked by many a geomuggle if we needed some help  we must have really looked lost!  but finally found the cache.  A pen had exploded ink all over the contents of the container, we did our best to clean it out.  Swapped travel bugs  Lady Lucks Lion for CA Civil War bug  and traded a marble for an antenna ball.  Not a marble, true, but round at least.  Also found lots of deer...bones.  Yummy. Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Nice spot to have a picnic.  Left a travel bug forming the California civil war.  Watch for a hint nearby when you get near the cache.
  -  Cool hide, another quick find. Took a marble left a marble! Thanks
  -  Fast drive up and go find. Thanks for this well hidden  cache. TNLNSL
  -  This was the last find for our Prunedale crew.  It was getting dark, but we did find and task the ink off the jar. br This was a nice little hiding spot. br TNLNSL
  -  Found it today on a nice visit to see my mom in Monterey.  Nice easy find, but did pick up one tick hitchhicker.  Picked up the travel bug and will take to San Luis Obispo County wine country.  Exchanged marbles.  The pen leaked inside the jar, so becareful when you reach inside.  I removed the pen, but didnt have one to replace it with. So the next one there might want to bring and extra.  Thanks for the hide.  Teeoff2 from Grover Beach
  -  Found at 12 45pm with my three boys.  Took NugAwoo the TB and left Corky the TB.  Corky needs help getting to Sonoma.  Great location.  Thanks for sending us there.  
  -  What a cool spot!  Ive passed this lil pond a million times, as I used to work across the street in the La Mesa housing area.  You cant appreciate it though, until you get out of your car and under the trees!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   Thanks for the hide! br We thought about trading for the TB, but in the end we TN and LN and please know that...TEAM BIGGEEKS RULES  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  I thought the ground cover for this one was neat.  T  Smokey patch, L  TB
  -  With all the trees my GPS wasnt much help, the signal was bouncing all over the place. I couldnt find any marbles to bring so I left a Smokey patch and too the All Star Geocoin.
  -  Nice area!  Seeing that the Jeep 4x4 was hiding in this cache we took off early to find it.  We left the Aall Star Geocoin and a couple of marbles.  Thanks for the cache. We had never been beyond the Jacks Peak park entrance on the road leading into Aquajito.  We saw a doe and her fawn there. br The Plunketts
  -  Easy drive by in a less travelled part of Monterey!  Hit this one on the way back up to my work location in San Francisco to drop off a Jeep TB  #3308 . Nice hide, but the poison oak has the potential to grow into a big problem! I inadvertantly brushed my wrist over a foot high sprout while replacing the cache, but no issues yet...  If your kid has the propensity to run at a cache when they see it, this isnt the one for them    theyll trample right through the stuff.
  -  Visiting from Wyoming so was unprepared for the theme of your cache. Pretty corner. TNLN.
  -  10 00.  FTF!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  We saw this listing from our hotel room while investigating potential cache spots to explore today.  Gave us an excuse to pop out early to get away from the noise of the clog dancing pachyderms in the room above us.  Neat area and thanks for the out of town FTF.  There did appear to be some small poison oak plants near the cache that could be avoided if you step carefully. p TNSL.  Left glass fish bead #665.
GCP44G: 
  name: Cache in Paradise created by BuckyDef and WalruZ
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCP44G&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  First find of the day.  I used to hang out in this park years ago many in my High School days.  Lots of great memories.  Coordinates to this cache were right on.  I made sure it was securely camoed  is that a word?  prior to leaving.  Left Aquarium TB, took nothing. TFTC
  -  Nice and easy once I realized I was originally looking in the wrong place.  Zeroed in again with the GPSr and there it obviously was.  No trades, tftc.
  -  One of several today while my wife was attending a conference in Monterey.  TFTCSL.
  -  Quick find on a nice morning.  TFTC!
  -  A wonderful spot!!! be careful rehinding the cache. Lots of sand!!!!  br T  Atomic ball br L  Geocoin br TFTC!
  -  Great little area. This was my friends first cache! We took the worry stone and left an atomic ball. Its nice to have some full sized caches to look for instead of always micros. Thanks!
  -  3 21p p What a cool little secluded area. A friendly cat sat nearby and watched us as we tried not to fall in the creek getting this one. p TNLNSL p NHGs
  -  Easy find once we came at it from the right angle. TFTC
  -  The cache was an easy find. Thanks.
  -  Found it while on our way to a neighborhood picnic  yes, we live here  and know the park well... Happy to avoid the Poison Oak near the cache.  Thanks.  Family had a fun and easy hometown find.  Blessings, elzzap
  -  12 25 Mr. and Mrs. Goodlife were out for geocaching adventure today in and around the wharf in Monterey. What a beautiful day here! Nice short hike from the parking area. The gps had me looking in the wrong spot for a few minutes but just as we were losing hope it settled down and led us in the right direction. TNLNSL. Thanks for the FUN! 
  -  took more time to find correct way to cache than finding the cache.SL.TFTC.
  -  Not a difficult find once you get close.
  -  16th of 28 finds today with GoGoJo. TFTC!
  -  #709.  This was one of about 28 that dBASED and I found today on our road trip and day in the Monterey area.  We especially enjoyed the walking, hiking and geocaching today.  TNLNSL, TFTC!
  -  Beautiful park, beatiful day, quick find.  Left Butterfly Migration TB and Dookies Forest Preserve geocoin.  TFTC
  -  Both teams of Scouts  Troop 414  1  and Troop 414  2   found this one!  Great confidence builder!
  -  Quiet day at the park. Lots of gross inchworms everywhere. They seem to like me. Did the bee dance all the way back to the car to get em off me.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle  SL TFTC!
  -  We are in the area for the vintage car races at Laguna Seca. We took advantage of the time between the two weekends of racing to do some geocaching.  TFTC.
  -  We are here for the two weekends of vintage car racing at Laguna Seca.  But there is always time for a little caching. TNLNSL.  TFTC.
  -  Traveling down highway 1 for a romantic anniversary getaway without the minigeos!  This was a nice hide in a very cool and BIG park.  There is lots of poison oak around the cache area   but far enough away that if you pay attention it shouldnt be a problem. TFTC
  -  What a great little park! Weve lived in Monterey 18 years and never knew it existed. I guess we should get out more img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Oh, but wait  we do now...were geocachers!!! Took a TB that wants to see Hollywood, and since were heading to Santa Monica for a visit next weekend, we thought wed help out. Left a thick bundle of dollar bills  shrunken and bleached  so dont get excited . TFTC!
  -  nice park, no muggles near the cache location, i left a tb and took a tb, thanks.
  -  Found with Wavesprite.  Finally getting a chance to log my finds.  TFTC
  -  Found with Tigsurfn and our kids.  We took a Darth Vader coin and the Kinzua GeoCoin  which we will move along shortly .  We left our Key to Carmel TB which I hope travels around a lot. p The kids had fun playing in the park afterwards!
  -  Needed to find a place to leave some TBs while visiting the area. Nice little park! Almost no one there today, other than on the tennis courts. Found the cache with no problems. Found a nice spot to sit and enjoy the sunshine while I wrote in the log. Left my Princess Ducky TB to start its journey and a traveling geocoin. Hopefully someone visits soon to pick them up. TFTC!
  -  Another relaxing public out door area. Watch out for PO. Found w OrangeWormz. TFTC
  -  One of the most fun caches weve found. Great spot, in more than one way...
  -  Grabbed a few last caches before departing back to Texas.  p TFTC...SL p bmsgolf
  -  Second find of the day. Another fun quick and easy one. But with all good things comes a price. Upon returning realized I dropped my keys along the way. Luckily by the good graces of the caashe Gods I found them pretty quickly. Took the California Raisin travel bug and taking south. Left a gold coin. TFTH!
  -  Not a soul around early on a Sunday morning as I had a nice stroll to search for the cache. Found it and moved along to the next. p Took nothing, left Drummin Raisin travel bug. Thanks for the cache!
  -  Went searching for this one with my Mom. Her first and my eightieth. Sure was a lot of poison oak. TFTC
  -  Waded through some wet grass on the way to the find.  Took nothing, left a baseball.  Rehid the cache a little better than found  I think theres some camo settling after each rehide .  Thanks for the hide.
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Out for another early morning of geocaching in Monterey. A quick find despite the poor GPS readings. I rehid the cache better than I found it. SL 50sumtin
  -  Found this one today.  Many mini mugglers around though.  TFTC!
  -  A nice neighborhood park . . .  very quiet this morning.  I found one place that seemed like it might have matched what I was looking for    looked around there without luck until I put in new batteries and got a little better direction.
  -  Went out caching with lil sis and had a great time! TN Left tattoo SL
  -  Spent the day revisiting previous failures  sounds like a downer agenda to be sure.  New saw cuts and sawdust piles put me off a bit as did the just leafing out poison oak which I found myself in more than once.  But then approaching the obvious has never been my style  mountains out of molehills is more my m.o.  Great hide  should be muggle safe.  Grabbed Kansas Sunshine geocoin; dropped POW MIA geocoin.  TFTC!!
  -  Another tour through another park in Monterey. This was pretty well hidden but we uncovered the hiding place. Took the Diabetes TB and left a Kansas Sunshine tractable coin. SL T4TC RAT&TRAP
  -  Slightly new location to thwart any repeat mini mugglers.  A couple new diabetes TBs to start it off...
  -     Coordinates Changed From    br N 36° 35.582 W 121° 54.235 br Distance From Old  24.6 feet br Please be very careful of the neaby poison oak cluster!  There should be no evil weed right at the hide site.
  -  Looks like a repeat problem.  Well be relocating it next weekend.
  -  Found it out in the open. I think it has been muggled again. No TBs were in the cache. Log book and toys were still in the can. Took pin and left some other toys. Owner may want to consider re locating this one. TFTC. I did not leave a TB here as this one seems to be getting muggled often.
  -  Found this on a nice New Years Day with my son and his two children. The four year old Kate is the one which actually found the cache after the adults had given up.  The Cub Scout Max said that Cub Scouts never quit, se we went with him, rather thab follow our instincts and quit.  Brought a Jeep Travel Bug from Iowa to put in the Cache. p TFTC TN, left a TB p GeoForse
  -  When we got there it was out in the open, muggled! Stuff was still in it, but not the coin or bugs. It had a log, we did sign, took a play doll put in butterfly eraiser and golf ball. We put it back in a better place, should be ok no change in real location.
  -  TFTC
  -  TfTC
  -  Sure glad we had the 1 2 of the cache owners along. Thanks for the day. br 
  -  I found this cache along a number of others while caching with TeamAlamo and WalruZ.  Had a great, but wet day.  TNLNSL  TFTC
  -  The rain was not pelting down quite so hard by now that I couldnt get out and take a quick look.  Cache was hidden normally, sorta, and I put in a TB and rehid much better.  Its very green and emerald isle around the cache this time of year. 
  -  Found it, but it was open and out of place.  Logged my visit adn replaced it.  Covered it a bit more.
  -  Another nice spot we were introduced to today.  The area has a lot of little parks!  TRTC, TNLNSL
  -  Another gorgeous day in Paradise and nice hide. T Swiss cow TB  L mini Sharpie.  TFTC
  -  After several DNFs, I was happy to have found this one. Thanks.
  -  The GPS was giving really flukie resdings today but was able to find it any way. Nice park and a good hide. T Garfield PEZ. br L Big Blue warrior. 
  -  What a nice little park. No poison oak or anything. Took a Jeep Travel Bug Nebraska Hill  CO  Green Jeep and will take it back to La Jolla, CA, for some surf and sunshine.  p  This entry was edited by mile262 on Monday, October 30, 2006 at 6 48 14 PM. 
  -  Our first of the day and very close to home base.  It was a nice find.  The park workers were getting the basball diamond ready for an afternoon game. We left a green jeep TB Nebraska Hill and took Casino travel bug 602456.  Thanks for the short hike
  -  Nice hike on a sunny fall morning. Visiting from Connecticut on business and decided to do some early morning caching. Left TB TN. Thanks for the find.
  -  Quick find for the eagle eyed Swift Eagle.  Left a present for GeoBaby, T hot wheel car.  Happy Birthday and sorry we cant attend the festivities.
  -  In Monterey picking up some glasses.  Decided to do a cache or two.  Nice little stroll.  Mrs. O ing wasnt too keen on hiking through the high grass though.  Wrong shoes.  Took the guitarist TB, and left a hot wheels car, and signature badge #47.  TB TBHR35.  Hell be staying in King City soon for a rest. p            O ing
  -  TFTC Took Fish out of Water TB. Left the Guitarist TB.  It wanted to go to music festivals.  So, I took it to one of the best  the Monterey Jazz Festival!  It along with myself got to see Keb Mo, Bonnie Raitt, The Yellowjackets and many more!  Long Live Jazz!
  -  Had a nice little walk to this one.  Big friendly cache.  Left off the Fish Out of Water travel bug and JIMBOBWES OCG Obsessed Caching Group Geocoin.  Took a little truck.  SL.  Hope we didnt get any poison oak on us.  TFTC!
  -  Found this one at 12 30 a.m. Had to dodge a couple cops because of the flash light shining. Had me a little worried that i was going to get the police dogs let loose on me to where i signed the log, forgot to put it back and got 100 ft. away and realized the log was still in my hand. Brought it back to the cache and took off real fast. TNLNSL
  -  TFTC TNLN SL. Great now my hands itch! I wonder what I got into?
  -  12 18 pm   Took   p nice park with trails  TFTC SL br 
  -  Accompanied McPuke to this nice little park.  Thanks for sharing and coordinates were spot on!
  -  Reasonably quick find as we managed to steer clear of the P.O.  A classic example of this kind of hide. Good Job. Thanks for bringing us to this lovely park; it was a nice way to spend some time on our way back up from monterey. SL. TFTC.
  -  A great hiding spot and I nice walk to fing this one.
  -  Fun find with Kids
  -  Came in from the back side. Didnt see anyone. Tnx TN LN SL
  -  Found this one today. Not many muggles at the park today, at least in the morning.
  -  Beki found this one. Thought this would be an interesting resting place for the Runaway Elf TB, since the temps here are much cooler than in the SF Bay Area these days. p We had planned on a trip to Hollywood this weekend, but the plans were canceled late last week, so we made this a cache and dash weekend, trying to find someplace cool to cache. p Beki took the small yellow Team A racer, and left a fish towel and a red hand reflector.  Were always glad to find an ammo can hide.     p     Beki & Dacxjo, Team Esperanto
  -  Found with Keia...spotted it from about 15 feet, so we covered it a bit better when we left. Not to worry though, we had the park to ourselves except for a father and child who were trying to fly a kite in the completely still air.  Hmm.  Left many things, took pez candy so no critters would be tempted.
  -  #636.  Spent the night on the boat after watching the fireworks, but it was too cold and choppy to go sailing this morning.  What to do? Oh, we have some waypoints in the GPS we could look for!  Following the arrow through streets of Monterey we have never seen before   a nice little tour   we came down through the back of the park.   Worried about the ivy nearby but found the cache in a nice, poison oak free, and cachey spot.  Cool.  Thanks ! 
  -  This one was easy to find once we got there. Thanks for the fun.
  -  TNLNSL TFTC
  -  We were here for a family gathering, so I introduced a bunch of them to geocaching by bringing them on the hunt. They thoroughly enjoyed it and asked lots of questions. Took a couple small trade items and left a buck. Thanks for the cache!  p Mike of macfamily6
  -  Found this one durning a mini vacation to Monterey. Should not have worn sandles. My daughter and I hiked through the foxtails while my wife and son stayed in the more developed part of the park. Took the Hello Kitty pencil and softball. left some baseball cards.
  -  Had to visit this one again...we picked up the Craw Daddy TB so he can swim all the way to Atlanta, GA. Well be dropping him off in just a couple of weeks. We left a power ranger toy and signed the log. Thanks!  p  This entry was edited by to the woods on Monday, June 19, 2006 at 5 26 05 PM. 
  -  We found this park by accident just a few days ago, thought it was the perfect spot for a cache, we were right!  TNLNSL dropped craw daddy TB
  -  It was practice time at the baseball field when we walked by slurping a refueling Jamba Juice after our bike ride along the waterfront.  Nice neighborhood park.  Left signature digitalfish  a rel nofollow href http   www.geofish.net target _blank #3947  a .  TFTC.
  -  Should have trusted the GPS more than we did! br My mother and I traipsed from poison oak bush to poison oak bush, trying to figure out where around there there wasnt poison oak! Ultimately we went to the EXACT spot the GPS indicated  though the accuracy was still 30ft  and found it promptly. It really WASNT in poison oak.    p We washed with Technu when we got home so Im hoping for an uneventful resolution to the outing. TFTC!
  -  After overshooting the location on my mountain bike, I found this one at 1 41pm today.  As Random Acts indicates, this one is full of goodies.  Bring the kids!
  -  Took a little looking due to overcast skies and tree interference with GPS signal.  Nice looking park and well hidden cache.
  -  A nice little walk into the woods from this pleasant park.  Note to cachers w  kids   This cache is jam packed w  neat stuff!  TNLN SL. TFTC!
  -  It was fun to go caching in our hometown. This park is great. Visited this cache with Sheila and Sean. We had a good time. T  Starglasses. L  Trojan TB. Thanks!    SpeedyB
  -  Nice cache. While signing the log we were muggled by an unexpected visitor   a very curious deer that was keenly observing us from about 15m away.    Was very glad to find this cache as Id had 3 DNFs in a row previous to this; was nice to break that streak of bad luck. TNLNSL TFTC
  -  Nice area and nice hide.  Thanks for the hunt T frog L kids toy.  SL
  -  oh, the illegal turing around i had to do...  something tells me there was an easier way to get here and a safer place to park!
  -  Was in Monterey on a scientific dive trip, so it was a great diversion to find this cache and get out and explore the area. Took a little towel, a pack of kleenex, and a wooden nutcracker. Left a bendy bunny, a magnifying glass, and a sticker in a capsule. Thanks for hiding this!
  -  Found with my son, scottdudester, and finally logging the cache after setting up my own ID.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  LOVED IT!! great hiding img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  really nice hike.  think I found a nice spot to hide a cache  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle .  took pez dispenser and left CA state quarter.
  -  Found on our way to visit some winerys south of here.  A guard was closing the gate to a parking area just as we approached, but we found another spot near by.  Took the short walk in and found the cache    in good shape.  TNLNSL  Thanks for showing us this nice park.
  -  Great find, the third of three caches we found in Monterey. Hiked from cannery row, what a hike, went through the H.S. and had to crawl under a fence. Great fun! Visiting from Modesto with my sister and her kids from Arkansas, we all had a great time.
  -  Late night cacning, rescued TB
  -  Nice location, easy find, TFTC. Dropped of the $100 Travel Bug and picked up a crystal crab key fob
  -  Took neices and brother in law...they all had a great time.  Waterfall was awesome. p Picked up long neck pen TB. br Thanks again...
  -  8am   visiting from Montana   by brother lives near here   having fun geocaching while he sleeps late! LOL! TNSL Left Kleneex br 
  -  bug drop
  -  At first my gps pointed me to the wrong place, but it soon settled down and it was a quick find.  Very pretty park, Im glad to have seen it!  I had a blister forming on my foot so I was very glad to see that there were band aids in the cache!  Took a band aid, a nutcracker, and the Birthday Dog TB.  Left a marble, a Buddha, and the Long Neck TB.  Thanks!
  -  Nice hike and nice hide!  Took Spider TB, left Birthday Dog TB.  TFTC!
  -  Nice little walk to the cache.  L  Itsy Bitsy TB  T   Lexington TB
  -  Trying once again with a different browser to get the travel bug drop off logged correctly. Apologies for the multiple entries.
  -  Nice location   was off by a bit at first, but then tried again and found it no problem. Dropped the Lexington Minuteman IV travel bug  its first cache , trying to make it back to Lexington, Massachusetts.
  -  A really pretty park. We enjoyed the hunt. Thanks!
  -  What a beautiful park!  Enjoyed a nice walk on a nice day! p  This entry was edited by lighthouselady on Monday, January 30, 2006 at 5 12 32 PM. 
  -  This was the 3 grandkids first geocaching experience.  The 8 year old found it.  Took the Smashedpenny TB and left several small items.  Nice little hike.
  -  Found cache. Picked up small fry travel bug and dropped off smashed penny travel bug.
  -  Our family had a very easy time finding the cache. We visit this park often and we were so excited to discover that theres a cache in the area! Thanks! Took  a few Star Wars band aids and a kinderegg toy Left  a Yu gi oh card and a goblin toy
  -  Found with Truckgirl. Sorry for taking so long to log the visit. I have decided to to try to keep up with Truckgirl and log my own finds. TFTC. br 
  -  Find #3 of Monterey trip with gastank, nice little park, the first of many we saw today.  Visited small fry TB but left in the cache for another finder.  TNLNSL  TFTC
  -  Quick cache on one of my many trips from Ft. Ord to DLI and back.  I probably should have been working, but caching sounded like a much better idea.  This is a really nice little park.  Id never been there before.  There were some muggles barbequing and it smelled pretty good.  Anyway, cache was right where it should have been.  T   Bruce the shark bobber; L   Small Fry TB.  TFTC
  -  2 00 pm. In town to do Christmas at the Adobes. 2nd of 6 caches found today on a grand walking geocaching tour of parts of Monterey & Pacific Grove. Nice park. A basketball game was going nearby, but I dont think that they paid much attention. The cache was in plain view, so I replaced it better hidden. TFTC. br T   Nessie plush toy, L   Mini flashlight
  -  The park that this is found in is quite nice.  The cache is a great find and spotted lots of wildlife along the way.
  -  Found it fairly easily after a long walk in the rain. Logbook got a little wet  sorry. Took a red die and left a Jamaican coin and a box of StarWars bandages. Great hide!
  -  Great little park.  Too bad the weather was so miserable  sarcasm intended of course   Took Republican Paciderm.
  -  Geoscope and I found this one after our night time adventure up Huckleberry Hill. Took Mister Bear TB and left Republican Pachyderm TB. CITOd out a couple of beer bottles. TFTC  Coralgeo  #439 
  -  was a good walk
  -  Its nice to find at least one easy cache in Monterey.  Took Chip & Dale TB and will move it along.
  -  Beautiful park. Quite a hike up the hill, at least from the direction which we came from. Found the cache without much trouble. Thanks. TNLN. Picked up John Wayne TB and dropped off Chip and Dale TB.
  -  Nice park and pretty easy to find. I have never been to this park before. I left a rubber ducky and took some reading glasses  I need them!!! .
  -  Beautiful park!  We are locals and didnt know it was there.  We enjoyed the park and the hunt   Thank you.  TTBL2TB
  -  Raptor and I spent the day at the aquarium, and had fun with travel bugs while we were there. So, Im logging some bugs in and out here, to track their progress.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  A friend_of_dorothy resorted to running ahead and then juking back on me like some sort of geo cacher wide receiver hybrid on this last find of the trip  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle .  I hung my head and accepted my defeat  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  even while enjoying the cache and surroundings. Thanks for showing us this great spot! TNLNSL
  -  Last find of our trip to the coast  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle . I had to run ahead to grab this one before the lion could but the staisfaction was worth it  plus hearing her cursing me was good for a laugh or two  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  . Great little park tucked away up in the hills that I would have never known about otherwise. Took octopus, left snake eyes TB, and signed the logbook. TFTC!
  -  Fourth cache of the day   park is wonderful.  Great spot.  TNLNSL
  -  Very nice location and cache.  Thank you.  T   Cassette Tape, KDcool98 Signature Item, and Geobears Signature Item.  L   U.S. Army Tape, Green Egg Toy, and Pen.  TFTC!   Find #79. 
  -  It actually took me awhile to find this one, which was sort of embarassing since I should have known where it was.  Suprising how close I could park to it too.  
  -  TFTC, SL, T  TB, L stuffed toy.
  -  Gosh, havent been to this place in years   played here as a kid.....sorta forgotten about it.  Second cache of day for RAGS4 minus one........L TB, TNSL
  -  2nd of 3 caches for 3 members of RAGS4. Hadnt been to this park in twenty plus years, nice to see it is thriving. L 3D Glasses, TN, SL
  -  Found this excellent hide at 1815 hours. Beautiful park. I havent been through the whole park before; now I have.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br Took  Krusty br Left  Pair a dice, quit smoking pin, toy soldier, little jumping bean br Picked up  LightenUpMisfit! Travel Bug br Dropped off  Leaping Frog #5 Travel Bug I picked up in the Brookings, SD area.  A big leap for Leaping Frog #5. br TFTC & 73 br WestLog .. Rick ;  
  -  Used an old Magellan 3000 GPS...eventually had to just search by looking.  Dropped off a bug...that I had picked up in Greece.  Nice location.
  -  While visiting Monterey again we were looking for something different, someplace we hadnt already visited dozens of times. Here was the perfect solution for our little family  particularly those members aged 2 and 5 ! Nice find, nice cache stash, nice stretch. Thanks for showing we touristas someplace new and interesting. L   music, crayons, flick toy; T frog, barrette, gnome decoration. SL. 
  -  Found it! Nice walk on great day.   Felt like we were being watched thoughTook nothing  Left B&L button br TFTC  BillandLore
  -  Down here from San Jose. TNSL. Left Geocoin.
  -  WHAT A BEAUTIFUL PARK, NO ONE INSIGHT. TOOK GEO COIN LEFT SMALL WOODEN BEAR. tHANKS FOR THE FUN CACHE!!!
  -  Was walking around in Monterey on a beautifull Friday evening and decided to stop by this park and grab this cache. Wow, what a nice peacefull little park! I could hear some kids playing in the distance so it must be a popular place for them. Grabbed the TB and will move it along shortly. Thanks!
  -  Took the kids back to this park after they all grew up. I used to push them in the swings   Thanks for the reason to return and re create wonderful memories!
  -  My husband took me to a cache for the first time...13 days after foot surgery.  What fun!  It was a beautiful day.  We took a bottle of bubbles and left a green stuffed frog.  Watch out for the poison oak!! p  Mr and Mrs  monkeynuts16  
  -  Came in from the back of the park  off Martin Street, coming from Hey Teacher on foot .  Lots of Poison Oak this way but managed to stay away.  Overcast as the Marine Layer has come off the ocean, took my GPSr a bit to settle in but then coordinates were within feet.  Dropped off JohnBug and left Lance Armstrong wrist band, took Wai`anae Traffic Control and Fire Lizard to travel back to San Diego.  Signed log.  TFTC drexotic
  -  Had tried to find the cache earlier but didnt get a good signal and didnt have the notes with me.  It kept pointing me to the itchy vines and I just thought that couldnt  be quite right.   p So today on the way to the airport I stopped by and found the cache.  Not one to want to use the hints but itchyness won out over curiosity.
  -  We were at the park celebrating Claires 7th birtday and decided to end the party with a little geocaching. As kids, we would play at this park as it is just a block away from our house. My sister called this area of the park Pony Valley because one of the houses at the end of the park had a pony in the backyard.  really!  Thanks for the memories!   br T  Jelly Belly Plushie, Koosh Ball Guy, Dice br L  Gnome, Frog ball, Bubbles  br TFTH
  -  success! found the cashe with ease after a nice walk through the park with a couple of my buddies. Nice place because its somewhat of a secret. I dropped off the kit kat travel bug, and took a super ball. p T  super ball  br L  Kit Kat Travel Bug
  -  Beautiful day in paradise...thanks!!
  -  What a great location!  The park was perfect for our 3 year old to explore.  Took the travel bug book How to S  t in the Woods, plan to pass it onto a cache in Colorado and well find out where it goes from there. Thanks for the fun!
  -  Found this one with KDcool919.  This one was challenging but we ended up finding it. br TNLNSL br Thank you for the cache
  -  Found with Tonton Ca at 2109 in the total dark which made getting to the cache a little interesting. Glad the poison oak wasnt around, everything was dried up, because we didnt take an official trail to the cache. TT found it, coords were pretty far off. Tied again, KD 4 TT 4. Left my sig #7. 
  -  Beautiful park in Monterey.  I never knew this was here when I used to live here.  I guess I should have gotten out more then.  Well, maybe I did, and just dont remember.  It was, after all, during the 60s and 70s and we know that that era is kind of a blur for Facowweeindian.  Left some star sunglasses that we got from the owner of The Whole Enchilada in Moss Landing.  Took nothing.
  -  Glad to find an ammo box so I could leave the TB How to S    in the Woods.  I picked this TB up in a FTF situation outside of Cimarron, New Mexico above the Philmont Boy Scout Camp.  I knew that I was coming home to Carmel for a short visit with my parents and I thought the Monterey peninsula would be a very appropriate place for this extremely informative manual.
  -  First find after a 3 year hiatus. Lost my notes, but one of my kids dropped off a keychain, cant remember what she grabbed though. p Hit the park just before the aquarium opened. A nice quiet stroll with only a few people about. The little green guy in the photo, seemed to be pointing the way, so we included him in the pict.
  -  Great cache to find. Enjoyed the find. Been to Monterey many times, this got us to areas wed never seen. TFTC. Took otter, left autism bracelet. Team Langwell  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found before, but had to come with friends to snag the WJTB that was here.  Left a few things for the Jeep.  Odd it was in such an easily accessable cache but no complaints.  My second WJTB.  Now for the photos.  armyrotc1 p  This entry was edited by armyrotc1 on Monday, July 18, 2005 at 9 50 35 AM. 
  -  We really liked where this cache was hidden so we left a White Jeep Travel Bug and a bulldog squeaker thingy and took a much needed fan. Sponge Bob Square Pants was watching the trail to the cache and we missed some fellow cachers by about an hour. Thanks for the great cache.
  -  Found this cache on a evening walk tour through Monterey. br Thanks for the cache! br 
  -  What a great little place to call it a day!! We finally found one today. Thank You for this special Cache, we took the Beatles tape  Bernd_das_brot and I  we both really like them, we will pass it on somewhere else down the line for others to enjoy. We left our friend Homer Simpson. Now time for a nap!
  -  If you like a challenge, DO NOT decrypt the additional hint.  We spotted this one from 50 feet away.  But at this point we  GigiMae and Bernd_das_Brot  were just glad to find anything today.  After a very frustrating start  three misses  this one broke the jinx.  Our first  and only  find today.  Clever location.  A very intimate spot in a rather busy park.  Took the Beatles tape  we are both big Beatles fans  and left Homer Simpson figure.
  -  Found without too much trouble.  Of course took a longer route than necessary, but then... isnt that always the way? br TN L  Paradise in a jar, Sig geo tag
  -  This was an easy find for half of the team...the rest of the team opted out for today.  Took popper and balloon tube, left Pez dispenser and play doh.  Very disappointed to have missed the ladybug TB...Ill have to catch her somewhere else.  THANKS!
  -  My nephew found this one quickly.   I suspect he used the hint when I wasn’t looking.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  We took the plastic heart glasses and left Katie’s marble.  TFTC
  -  Nice family hunt, kids had fun, took glasses, left Dino foot print.
  -  Find #7 of 12 today.  Nice park …. No one around.  SLTNL metal clip. TFTC p Note   No TBs in the cache.
  -  found it and avoided the poison oak
  -  In town for a couple days on the way to Hearst Castle and picked up a few caches. br TFTC, Don
  -  Nice park on a beautiful day.  Cache is hidden so that we could find it easily even with the ball players using the field not far away.  Nice place to bring a lunch, or have a big family bar b que.  I was impressed with the design of the large grill. p Took Doggy Dog Tags travel bug and enjoyed taking photos of our dog Buddy when we got home to Tempe, AZ p Signed log at 11 20 p Team AvArt img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  br Gordon & Barb
  -  Visiting from Arizona. br Had a great time finding caches around the bay area. br TNLNSL br Coyote1022 img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  parked nearby and watched a bit of the little league baseball game.  Headed over to this cache and located it in a few moments.  Traced a couple items and let the flash pose for a pic before heading to the next cache. p T empty film canister br L CC Sig item and a pencil sharpener
  -  YAY for ammo boxes! I had a couple of largish TBs to drop off, and this was the perfect spot! Raptor and I came out late in the afternoon  7.00 ish, which is kinda late to be afternoon, but the sun was still up , and Beernut was with us. Found the cache with no trouble, and wow, was it packed with goodies! Raptor took a snake, and I took the BookCrossing book. In addition to leaving the Library Ladybug and Doggy Dog Tags TBs, I also left a BookCrossing book of my own, and a dinosaur. It is now even more tightly packed than it was before.  D Thanks for the cache!   
  -  This looks like a good park for the various activities available here.  It was empty this weekday morning except for the gardener mowing just above the cache.  Using the hint I found it easily which I hope kept me out of the P.O.  Thanks  TNLNSL
  -  quick find in a neat park.
  -  This was my first time to the park even after being in the area for the last 5+ years.  Pretty cool hiding spot.  
  -  TaDa!!  FTF  One of our very few in the past months, no matter what the rumors are. br This is a great park in one of our favorite areas of Monterey.  We almost had the entire park to ourselves, altho we did see a man with an ARMY t shirt walking out of the park.  Who was that geocacher? br We took the Always Coming Home Travel Bug and the Duluxe Mini Links and left a koala bear and a heart full of stars. br Thanks for providing the excuse to visit this area! br The Plunketts p  This entry was edited by jpp on Sunday, June 05, 2005 at 3 08 57 PM. 
  -  Unfortunately I was not the FTF this cache.  Apparently someone got there 5 minutes before I arrived.  I believe I saw the couple because they were leaving the area of the cache when I was walking up.  Anyways great spot and a nice hiding place.  I took the racing TB and left a rubber snake.  TFTC.  armyrotc1
  -  dropping bugs...
GC16Z4M: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea 100 Acre Wood and Stealth created by private bones
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16Z4M&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Nice drive up and no one around.  TNLNSL.
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I was out for a morning of geocaching the morning following the end of Daylight Saving Time and this was one of my searches. p Took longer to figure out how to get through the maze of streets than it did to find the cache. Spotted it quickly. SL 50sumtin
  -  tnlnsl.
  -  FTF Great hide. I hadnt been to that area in quite a while. Its always nice to get out and spend time with my minicacher. Easy grap. Took marble left a couple dinosars.
  -  Published
GC16W6F: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea Art and Stealth created by private bones, scoobydoo22 and cacheadventure!
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16W6F&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Find number 2, while out for an evening stroll with the family.  Thanks!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p Quick and easy find after I waited out a muggle sitting at the bench. SL 50sumtin
  -  2nd of 5 finds today on this beautiful day fall day on the Monterey Peninsula, Had been wanting to spend a weekend here in this dog friendly area with my dog Mollie for awhile and this was the perfect excuse to visit here as I was feeling sorry for myself since I cant ride my bicycle because of a geo injury sustained 3 weeks ago and was getting antsy. p Great having a geo dog for a cache like this.  Mollie walked right up to it and I made the grab.  Lots of nice art stuff in the cache, but I didnt have any with me to trade.  TNLNSL. br 
  -  there were a few muggles here but as i am not in this town very often i just went for it, thanks.
  -  I was suprised that this cache was so big! TFTC!
  -  Found the spot, but a woman was sitting on the bench RIGHT THERE. So we went looking for other caches, and when we came back, she was still RIGHT THERE. The third time wasnt the charm, because it was dark by then... So well try again some other time. Nice little park, though. Never even noticed it!
  -  Great hide. Found with my minicacher. Another beautiful day in Carmel. A few muggles out this morning but not bad enough to foil the grab. TNL some crayons. 
  -  We had to wait for a pair of bench sitters with dog.  But luckily not long.  Retrieved cache but had nothing art worthy with us so we TNLN.
  -  FTF.  Thanks for the hunt.  Had to wait out someone that I thought had taken up residency on the bench nearby.  Did another one, came back.  Still there.  Go do a couple more caches come back again. Oh no still there, but hold on the person is collecting their things.  Yes, I finally get to find the cache and its a FTF.   TNLNSL.  Thanks for all the new caches.
  -  Published
GC16Z3R: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea Planning and Stealth created by private bones
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16Z3R&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Planning on a little caching today.  This one got me started.  SL.
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p Is this cache up to the Planning Department standards? SL 50sumtin
  -  tnlnsl.
  -  My son found this one before I even started looking! TFTC!
  -  Darn, we coulda been FTF  if wed managed to find it. But we didnt. Darn. Well be back, though. Its gotta be there somewhere!
  -  Published
GC16QJQ: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea Sand and Stealth created by private bones
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16QJQ&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Great hide! What a beautiful spot, we took many pictures.  br TFTF! SL
  -  Quick find after eating lunch on the beach on another foggy day. Left a geocoin. TFTC!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p Quick and easy find. SL 50sumtin
  -  tnlnsl.
  -  It was sunset and although we heard people cocktailing in a home above us, this site was deserted. Quick find. Took a Redwood Bark TB, and left a gold Korean bookmark. Nice! Hadnt been in this spot before.
  -  Took the 17 mile drive today, and exited to Carmel to find this cache. Nice parking on Ocean Ave. It was late afternoon, and lots of muggles arriving for sunset, but none of them came to this area. We were all alone. Nice walk back up the beach. SL, TN, Left Beach Bark TB. Hope he gets a nice new home.
  -  This was probably the hottest in Carmel in years and everyone was at the beach.  we took a look and said this will never work.  But we started walking and low and behold the beach goers were not over where we needed to be.  So grab the cache no problem. Thanks for showing us a nice part of the beach. br We went looking for an ice cream cone but settled for an ice cream bar from super market.
  -  No muggles today so it was pretty easy. TFTC!
  -  Great hide. Just a couple of people with their dogs running around. Had to wait for them to stop doing laps around the trees and dunes. Beautiful day for a walk with my minicacher. TFTC Took Geocaching braclet. Left foreign coin, marble, and some dinosars.
  -  FTF.  Thanks for the hunt.  This area of the dunes was empy of people this morning.  TNLNSL.
  -  Published
GC16PX3: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea Surf and Stealth created by private bones
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16PX3&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  After 4 DNFs I came prepared with a replacement cache figuring this one has been muggled. BUT NO! The last cacher hid it so well that it is not only there but hidden a little better than I did! Ill up the star rating half a notch to compensate for the diffuculty. Cache on!
  -  Not to many people around today so I had plenty of time to look.  Walked in circles and even searched through the bushes that smell like dog pee. No luck.
  -  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p Gave up after about 10 minutes as muggle traffic started to pick up. Another time, maybe after this one has a clue. 50sumtin
  -  We arrived at the spot just as people were settling in on the bench above for sunset. We looked around but didnt find it. Well be back....
  -  This one really eluded us.  Lots of muggles but we still looked around.  The coordinates bounced a bit but we looked in  a wide area. Finally got tired of the people staring and left.
  -  Great hide. Not too many muggles today. More dogs than people. Took the 3 Fish TB. Will get it to a new place soon. Left dinosar. After the find my minicacher and I played in the sand and made a sand castle. TFTC
  -  FTF.  Thanks for the hunt.  Nice hide.  Quite a few people on the beach with their dogs but I didnt have to use to much stealth.  
  -  Bug drop  Three Fish by JMG
  -  Published
GC141N6: 
  name: Chalk Walk created by Wavesprite &amp; Tigsurfn
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC141N6&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  1st of 5 finds today on this beautiful day fall day on the Monterey Peninsula, Had been wanting to spend a weekend here in this dog friendly area with my dog Mollie for awhile and this was the perfect excuse to visit here as I was feeling sorry for myself since I cant ride my bicycle because of a geo injury sustained 3 weeks ago and was getting antsy. p Parked the cachemobile, jumped out, and grabbed the cache.  A dog walker was in the area, but she quickly left.  Nice wall.  Took orange dinosaur.  Left Boomerang TB tag.
  -  Another unseasonably hot and beautiful day. We are on our way to cache at Palo Corona for the day and stopped in Carmel to print out the access permits and grab this clever cache. Thanks!
  -  We found it easily and no one was around.  Lots of pretty little swag.
  -  Beautiful wall.  Left gold coin.  Lots of dogs in neighborhood.
  -  Steve forgot to write down the coords for this one, but geosenses prevailed and we found this one anyway! TFTC!
  -  TNLNSL. Never knew the history of this place.
  -  5 03p p Had to look for a while for this one, nice name...    p Took 25c and Ball, Left 8ball, SL
  -  A quick snag. Would have liked to be here in the 20s! HA! tftc
  -  Nice Hide, TFTC!
  -  thx for the hunt
  -  Found it on our wonderful way to L.A. . Carmel is a very nice place . Thank you for the cache and best regards from Bremen Germany p Doris
  -  Found it on the way down to L.A. br Thank you p spuchtfink br BREMEN   Germany
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Went right to it after parking right in front of it.  The car was actually blocking the view from the road although there was no one around today.  TNLNSL.
  -  From the looks of the logs we probably just missed it. Looked all over that wall, but GPS kept giving us a bad fix  probably the trees . We will attempt this one again in the future. p   Coyforce
  -  First one in Carmel as we are enjoying a few days celebrating our 15 anniversary here from PA. TFTC.
  -  Great spot for the hide. 
  -  nice hide,blended in real well. SL  TFTC.
  -  Visiting in the area since my brother is here on business.  He had today free so we picked up this one.  Very nicely done cache.  Workers in the area didnt seem to pay any attention, but we were careful anyway.   Thanks for a fun cache, so my brother could get a taste of caching.
  -  i attempted this cache a while ago with no luck, today it was no problem, i cant believe i missed it, thanks.
  -  Quick grab, small streets around here. TFTC...
  -  Oh WOW!!!  This is our first visit here and it is a memorable one, this was also the first stop in the park of Yosemite.  We just spent the day going to all the Virtual points and enjoying the entire parks of Yosemite, Sequoia and Kings Canyon this weekend.  I loaded all the virtual caches in my GPS so we would not miss the highlights of the area.  Since the parks were so busy this weekend we drove over to the Pacific Coast Highway and Geocached our way down to Los Angeles.  TFTC
  -  Found by Mary & David from Melbourne, Australia, at 1500. Stopped in town for an hour as part of our California Classics coach tour. Not a problem giving up a bit of window shopping time to grab a cache. A nice walk to stretch our legs. Had a chuckle as we thought of those nudists so long ago and how they must have shivered when the fog rolled in like today. Our thanks to Wavesprite & Tigsurfn   now back to those expensive shop windows.
  -  17 31  We found this cache after having a walk around town and getting a coffee.  The dogs in this town are very pampered and very friendly! p Thank you for the cache.
  -  Quick, easy find after Tour dExcellence.  TFTC.  SL.
  -  Searched with a friend Shezallthat, and she found it! We created her log in name that day! br Nice day in Carmel, we were in the footsteps of SLO guy, who hit a number of the same ones we did within a day. 
  -  We are in the Monterey area for two weekends of vintage car racing.  Of course, there is a little time for geocaching.  Today was an absolutely perfect day in Carmel. SLO GUY ette found this cache immediately.  TFTC.
  -  Great way to see the side streets and neighborhoods of Carmel. Close enough to the main drag that we were able to walk to it. Nice hide. TNLNSL.
  -  Five of us descended on this one  Uncorked and Souschef were on the team. Good little walk up and down the hilly streets. br TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  TallPaulO and I made a quick grab   with our clothes on, thank you very much!!  TFTC
  -  thanks
  -  thanks for the hide...
  -  Just dropping in a TB to start on its journey.
  -  Out and about in Carmel on a quiet Sunday morning  managed to sneak in a few caches with my sister, Evil Cow Pie, before she headed back over the hill into the heat of the San Joaquin Valley.  Thankful for a place to park on these narrrow, narrow streets.  Experienced my first nudists in Santa Cruz a couple of weeks ago  happy not to have a return engagement here!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   Cache chock full of goodies.  TFTH!!
  -  My sister, LFoucht, restrained me from moo ning the nearby dog walkers  there must be something in the air left over from the nudist colony... Took some foreign coins and left a $2.00 bill. Nice little hidey hole. TFTC!
  -  Fasinating!!!  My folks place is just two blocks from here and I did realize that this incredible wall was here...truly something from another time...thanks much!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  While the family hung out at a local Carmel Valley retreat, I treated myself to some exploring and geocaching. This was one of my searches. p Quick and easy find though there were no nudists about.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle  SL 50sumtin
  -  This was 1 of 25 for Cache Money and me on the Fourth of July in the Monterey and Carmel area.  We got an early start on the day in an effort to avoid patriotic muggles!  Cache Money was disappointed that the property is no longer a nudist colony!  TNLNSL, TFTC, and Happy 4th!
  -  Out for a little exercise today on the bike and decided this would be a good destination.  Excellent day, nice hide, nudist colony huh? 
  -  Im not too fond of night caching these days, but WalruZ really wanted to catch this one on our way back to our Monterey abode after hiking up Palo Corona.  WalruZ has a nice 2 LED flashlight, and I carry a maglight.  I think my flashlight was a little more diffuse than his, allowing me to pick up the cache spot quickly and from much farther away.  This was good since we didnt need to attract any nude peoples attention with waving beams and such.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  Hard to say if Bucky & I would have been FTF had we hurried here upon reaching Monterey, but thats neither here nor there now.  We took naps instead, and did some evening cache maintainence and then stopped here in the dark.  That made searching only a little uncomfortable but Bucky turned it up quickly in its nice hiding spot.  Where were the nude people?  I didnt think people were even allowed to be nude in the 1920s. Ewww!!!
  -  FTF!!!  Always nice when I beat out the old boy after he walks by the hiding place.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Took TB for some traveling in less than 2 weeks.  Enjoyed the foreign coins in the cache.
  -  Didnt quite get FTF, but nice area.  TNLNSL  TFTC.
  -  Just dropping in our Cowboy Austin TB.
  -  Published
GC163W4: 
  name: Tennis Anyone? created by Wavesprite &amp; Tigsurfn
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC163W4&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Fun, quick and perfect for the young ones. p Thanks
  -  Out for a ride and stopped off to grab this one.  Never been to this spot in Carmel before. Nice!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p Quick and easy find. SL 50sumtin
  -  no problem with bees today found the cache after changing my approach, thanks.
  -  Had to wait for a phone talker to move on.  Found it easily no bees. TNLN
  -  What a great idea to do when it rains!!! Smells so good in there!!! br T  8 ball  br L  10 sided dice
  -  Lots of poison oak and bees erupting out of hole in ground.
  -  Nice spot. TNLNSL.
  -  4 48p p Found this one while looking out for muggles playing nearby. Nice hide. p Took Bouncy ball, Left 8ball, SL p nhgs
  -  Took awhile to actually locate this one. We were on the wrong side to begin with...then read the description a bit better and that helped a lot!! tftc
  -  Great hide! TFTC
  -  found it, thx for the hunt
  -  No bees today, just a quick easy cache. BTW, great camo! Took  carrot bubbles, left a pen to sign log book and a superhero toy. TFTC
  -  Chased out by the bees also! Took four stings looking for this one! Would recommend looking at moving this one. Definitely dont want the litle ones getting stung.
  -  FTF.  Thanks for the cache.  No bees today just a maintenance person cleaning the tennis courts.
  -  Went yesterday to snag this one, but got attacked by a really mad swarm of bees! Wife got stung but me and the kids managed to make it out alive. Found out that they were coming from a hole in the ground right at the entrance to the cache location... I would recommend moving this one to another spot just nearby if you could. Beautiful little park and the trees are awesome. p   Coyforce
  -  Published
GC15GAR: 
  name: frisbee golf created by lacrossejunky
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC15GAR&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Coordinates right on!  Easy park and grab.  Took 8 ball, left Triple Wisdom Geocoin. Thanks for the cache; third of the day.
  -  no muggles here, no problem finding the cache, i would call this a regular size, thanks.
  -  No one around today.  Really big container but not much inside.  Wish I had my Swag bag with me. WE didnt have any Frisbees with us either.
  -  Nice one
  -  This ended up being our first find of the day.  Free Heeler, Panza, Dingo and I spent the night at a nearby hotel, and decided to go for a little walk this morning before starting our day of researching potential wedding sites.  After striking out at nearby Munras #1, we next went in search of some morning coffee and breakfast.  Once those basic needs were accommodated   it was back to caching  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle . p We made our way down along the course   and as we approached within the last couple hundred feet, my heart sank.  I noticed an encampment up above   A guy, a couple of dogs, and a while lot of stuff.  We continued to close   and the arrow started to swing.  We were able to stay wide of the sleeping natives, and navigate our way to the cache, which I spotted immediately.  Signed, replaced, and then it was back to the car, and off to our first destination... Asilomar!  Thanks for the fun.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  A friend who lived in the area was excited to find out this was here! Took a TB, left a Mario toy. Nice area and absolutely KILLER frisbee course  you better be good to play here!
  -  3 43p p A nice ride through the countryside led us here. A homeless muggle nearby was not too intrusive, so the grab was pretty easy. GPSR signal was iffy through the trees. p TN, Left 8ball, SL p nhgs
  -  No stranger to this area, due to repeated attempts to locate the nearby and now archived Mail Call of the Wild. br Fought our way through the oak moths to the cache site  thankfully managed to avoid any human encounters.  Monster cache container, begging for stash  dropped Capital Bug TB to spend some time in the old territory capital of Monterey.  TFTC!!  
  -  OOPS!! Logged the wrong Frisbee Golf cache here originally  sorry for the boo boo! Nice forested area at this site and although there were a few residence challenged folks, it felt safe to my sister LFoucht and me. Very roomy container just crying out for some TBs. Quiet day for us and traffic was minimal. TFTH!  p  This entry was edited by Evil Cow Pie on Monday, October 08, 2007 at 5 28 21 PM. 
  -  Nice spot. TFTC
  -  Easy find once we weaved our way through the golf match.
  -  Our first Cache in California. A nice walk in the evening with moonlight.Thank you for the cache and best regards from Bremen Germany p Doris
  -  Today one in Vancouver B.C. and another one in Monterey   GREAT !!! br Thank you. p spuchtfink br BREMEN   Germany
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  The cache was hidden well but the contents leave something to be desired,  cork from a wine bottle and a bottle of sunscreen that has enough in it to cover your nose.  So much for fair trade.  Several homeless people close by.  TNLNSL.
  -  Found this guy in its hiding place. Nice day to cache after the rain cleared.
  -  Working towards #300 while here from PA. TFTC
  -  cache was out in open so we camoed it some.still a very easy find.traded travel bugs.TFTC.
  -  Great cache. Found with my son, scottdudester, daughter, jujubear and dropped off a large TB that we picked up on the east coast. Thanks for the large cache so this guy could have a new home.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  EXCELLENT CACHE!  We needed a LARGE local cache and what a great place to hide it. Ive played this course with my dad, perk82.  We just spent a month on the east coast caching and we brought some friends home who wanted to travel.  Dropped off 3 travelers   2 of mine and one from my dad. TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Took the little one out after his nap today and found this one under the disguise of disc golfers  a 34 yr old and a 2 yo with discs .  We had no problems locating the cache, in fact it was just sitting right out in the open.  We signed the log book, took the Biking 4 Cache Geocoin and rehid the container among the likely original cover.   This was our first time seeing this course and it was being used by quite a few people.  Used to live in the area and would run here often, nice to see the area being put to such a good use.  TFTC! 
  -  WalruZ and I came by on our way back to Grandma Katies after a nice day in Ft. Ord.  Ive always liked this park and it seems like theyve found a way to bring people in to recreate here that has the nice effect of chasing out the drunk homeless that were populating the park for so long!  Thanks for the cache here!
  -  Looked hither and yon and after a few yons I found it easily enough   dropped in a motogrrl geocoin and took one of the TBs.  Nice to have another one in this under cached park.  Thanks!
  -  Found this one ok.. nice hide.. left 2 travel bug that I picked up in Colorado... took nothing br 
  -     Coordinates Changed From    br N 36° 35.244 W 121° 53.916 br Distance From Old  48.5 feet br went out and took some more accurate coordinates after a mis hap these should take you right to it.  If theres any problems let me know
  -  Took a stab at looking for this one but didnt have any luck.
  -  good to go
  -  taking a more accurate location itll be back on in an hour or so
  -  Found it  or rather Fox51 found it first !  Nice to see another cache in Monterey Pacific Grove area.  TFTC, TNLNSL
  -  The afternoon sun reflecting off the bright green of the cache  container made this a very easy find, 80 ft from the posted coords.  I re hid the cache at the coords in what looked as if it could have been the original hiding place.  Thanks for another local hide.
  -  A beautiful day and great time for a cache. Always wanted to see the golf course. Lots of worms hanging from trees. TNLN
  -  #1 FTF!!!!  p The homeless muggles that live in the area were quite suprised to see a man wearing BDUs running through the woods in search of something at 7 09am. I was on the way to work and just had to stop off to get my first FTF. We play this course all the time  disc golf  and Im glad to see someone get a cache out here! With the high muggle traffic and the fact that people live in these woods, I really hope that it stays. As a matter of fact, disc golf inspired me to place my first hide    GC10FPQ.  p TFTC! p T  compas thermometer br L  Sunblock p   Coyforce
  -  Published
GC119A5: 
  name: BLUEBIRD created by Inkahoots
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=eb434668-8f39-46e8-8ed6-0ad9238305a2&log=y&decrypt=&pf=y
  comments: 
  -  Third of day for us and first in the Birdwatch Series!!!  After giving up on Log Me In, this was a nice surprise!!!  I loved the hide!!  SLTNLN  TFTC!!
  -  Found the cache, with nothing but the bottle in it.  No log, pencil or the baseball bat mentioned by the last cacher.  Had a strip of paper, so I logged in on that.  L emery board.  TFTC
  -  We found this while on our caching the USA 2007 tour. Thanks for the hide. br Andy & Ellie
  -  Great hide, love the area, great trail!  Were catching on to the Inkahoots!   br TFTFSL   left an Atlanta Brave mini baseball bat we found near a no find earlier today!  br Took a shell!
  -  Had no luck with this one today.  I dont know what my problem was.
  -  Thanks for the hide.  I wrote down the coordinates and only one more before I head to the swamp!
  -  Quick find.  Wrote down the cords.....  TFTC.
  -  Thanks. TNLN SL.
  -  VERY NICE HOOTS .......HAD FUN AT THE CITO AND WENT FOR THE GOODS ....AND GOT UM!!!!
  -  Found together with my Papa. That was fun!
  -  What a fun discovery as I exercised through the park trails. Was easy but a unique hide. Thanks from me and 2 young grandsons that also are now addicted to geocaching.
  -  Nice, very nice.  SL TN LN TFTC
  -  Enjoyed a beautiful labor day at PKP with the family.  TFTC
  -  Family out for a fun day, and to introduce the sport to some friends.  Loved this cache!  We were here on the 18th, but there was a frisbee golf tournament, and just too many people...oh well, good excuse to come back the next day!  TFTH! p Took  American flag patch br Left  quarter
  -  Found with the kidz.  TFTF TNLN SL
  -  Second find of the day, were on a roll! TN L Air Force Pin.  TFTF SL
  -  Geocaching in the Augusta, Georgia area on vacation – on another day with triple digit temperatures; WHEW! I came back today after a DNF on Tuesday. I had been looking about 20 too far to the northeast last time around. Doh! How could I have missed THAT?! TNLNSL. Thanks, Inkahoots!    roelsch, St. Charles, MO br 
  -  Geocaching in and around Augusta GA on vacation. I never did find the right way to get to the asphalt trail, but once I found it, I came to a location that matched the description and had a great hiding place just out of view from the trail. I searched the location as thoroughly as I could, but literally came up empty handed. Thanks, Inkahoots!    roelsch, St. Charles, MO br 
  -  We really enjoy your series and your caches. TFTH SL
  -  quick find with my son, hes really gettin into this. br TFTC br SL
  -  Found while exploring the area today searching for caches.  Thanks!
  -  Another well placed cache in the series!
  -  Thx for the clever cache.  This is the best geo series we have seen yet.  
  -  TNLN SL, ready for the final cache in the series
  -  I like this series. TFTH...SL TN left sports key change.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   Great walking trail. TFTH TNLN
  -  Got this one with my littlest cacher!  Great hide and theme.  Hopefully we will be able to come back to the area and finish the series!  TNLNSL TFTH
  -  Yay bushwhacking!  I had forgotten about the note mentioning the walking path until I had come upon it through the woods   .  At least I earned my geo stripes.  TNLNSL.  Had to revisit the other two again to recover some lost info due to a systems failure this past weekend.  YRB is a bad route to take... much better to go YBR.
  -  Another signature BIRD cache. Took Disciples Cross necklace  left US flag patch and 25 Dinar Iraqi coin. TFTC
  -  Wed never been to this park before. Its a lovely spot and Im sure well be back again. Lots of Frisbee Golf players around but otherwise quiet so no problems getting to the cache and signing the log. Were really enjoying both of the bird series caches. 
  -  8th of 10 found today while in Augusta.  Thanks for the find.  Took toy car, left Disciples Cross necklace.   #31 
  -  Thanks for the cache  4th for the day. br sl
  -  Nope, thats not it. Yeah, there it is. br SL TFTC. br Fajita&Shu
  -  2nd FOD.  This was a fun one.  Great container.  TFTC!
  -  3rd of the day with the wife and kids.  Traded toys then played on the tank after finding the cache.  TFTC!
  -  We really enjoyed the bird watch theme. TFTH
  -  First find in series while picnicing. The log was missing at the time. TFTC!
  -  Combined the logs and replaced the original container complete with trade items. Thanks Fuselighter for the tip!
  -  Great hide.  I like the theme.  I found the original container that was replaced recently, and it is at the base of the tree.  Signed log.  TFTH.
  -  Yeah I got the bluebird cache. TFTH SL
  -  This was the last of the series to get all the clues for me. br took Yin and Yang card and signed the log
  -  I was informed by Succotash that the log and the log container has been muggled! Today I replaced both, unfortunately the original log is in fact gone! Its hard to imagine why anyone would take those items and leave the hide! Strange!........Bluebird is in good shape now! Sorry for the inconvenience.............Hoots!
  -  Enjoyed the walk in the park. Found the cache and information but could not sign log. Look forward to completing this series on our trips to Augusta. TFTC!
  -  Found this one easily especially after finding Redbird.  This is a great series... enjoy coming to this park for the first time.  We had our picnic lunch in the park.  TNLN SL
  -  TFTC!
  -  Enjoyed this cache. TFTH. SL br Very nice container. Look forward to Birdwatch.
  -  Another nice cache. Got our final co ordinances. Will try for the last in the series very soon. thanks for the hunt.
  -  catfish and the kids found it.  we love this
  -  The first b house  i.e., a real one  had the boys fooled.  I hope no one was home.
  -  Went back to the park for this one.  TFTC
  -  Great cache, super hide!  TFTC!
  -  Wow, I love this park! ...and I love getting clever geocaches too! Found with Punctatus on a nice  cooler  day during Spring Break.  br We are now off to plot ways into the swamp so we can finish this one! br    br Thanks!
  -  Third BIRD series cache with Jotrag today.  Had a pleasant encounter with geese, ducks, turtles, and voracious catfish!  TFTC!
  -  The hardest part of this one was finding the trailhead.  I bushwacked through these woods before to find a nearby cache.  Glad I didnt have to do it again.  Nice hide, TFTC!
  -  Amanda took the lead on this one with her GPS. So we ended up hiking through the woods for the last 200 feet. Afterwards, we took the path back, especially since one of the parks trucks past us while we were out there. TFTC. 
  -  Great Find!!!!!!THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!
  -  Found it.I really injoy pendleton king park
  -  Nice way to hide a cashe.took a dime and left 50 cents
  -  Found it. Thanks for the fun.
  -  Easy find, on to the final stage!
  -  A nice quick grab while out caching with salutations.
  -  Quick grab and later we were able to heckle Pompiere doing Pendleton King Park Perimeter 2. He put those firefighting pole sliding skills to good use on that one. TFTC!
  -  I approached this one from the wrong side and had a bloody good time getting through some briars!     I absolutely loved the hiding place! GREAT JOB! SL. Thanks for the cache! br 
  -  Love the hiding place and am always impressed with the creativity of this group of people.  TFTC T 0, L  mercury dime, 53 cents change.
  -  A very well done and creative hide, thanks, SL
  -  Nice quick find.  Started early so we could complete the Hoots Bird Series. br TN br L  small rubber frog br TFTH SL
  -  Unexpected hiding place in a nice park.
  -  Love these Hoots hides and of course love a FTF with skippyrich2kids.  
  -  2 Way FTF with 4BUCKS!  2nd of three today.  Just what the doctor ordered.  Thanks for this great series.  Any Sialia would agree this wasy Much Appreciated!!
  -  Published
GC1244M: 
  name: Boeckh Park  created by the4bucks
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=cb5ba125-47a3-4680-a926-642ffb1b0206&log=y&decrypt=&pf=y
  comments: 
  -  nice cache, we love caching on the greenway. tfth
  -  Mr Bucks found this one today ... the little Bucks and I hid all our caches while he was serving in Iraq and now hes having fun finding them all.  Traded geocoins!
  -  We must have found the old cache  didnt look at the log on geocache, stating it had been replaced , which was last signed by channan7.  This cache needs maintance, since it does not have a cover, but is located under a solid object.  This cache is about 40 feet from the cord. Skipyrich2kid must have found the replacement.  TFTC TNLN.
  -  Finally got around to finding stage 2.  Great little hide.  As we understand, the cache container has been replaced after the original one went AWOL.  We tried finding both, but only came up with the new addition.  We left a very fun geocoin that fits perfectly.  Thanks BUCKS for another great greenway hide.  Nothing could be finer than caching in Carolina!
  -  Found this one with Cacher Dan today.  TNLN TFTC!!
  -  The First Stage Took Us About 25 Minutes Trying To Get The Conatier Out Of The Place...Because It Had Be Pushed Up And We Had TO Us A Stick To Get IT Out....But Got It And The Second Stage Was 50 ft off
  -  Second time lookin for it.  Finally found first stage and the second but found the second one about 50 ft from the coords by my gps.   br TFTC  br TNLN SL
  -  Found this one on a nice family walk today.  Wouldnt really call the container a lock and go with room for a few trade items.  Still, it was a nice little multi.  T  geocoin L  $5 coupon for Famous Daves.  TFTH!
  -  I think the difficulty of this cache is underrated!  I would never have looked where my 9 year old found the final cache.  We wanted to take the traveling coin, but had nothing small enough to leave.
  -  Second time around on this one.  Had some trouble getting the first stage out of hiding.  Finished this one off with Findenyercache. p SL T  Cache Mover Coin L  vasaturns 2007 CITO Geocoin
  -  Found this with TravlnCajun p Took Nothing Left Nothing
  -  2nd attempt at this one.  First try a few weeks ago landed me several wasp stings looking for the 1st stage.  Not fun.  Today, found 1st stage after a hint was provided to me.  Hunted for the final stage and found the original container without a lid.  It was still hidden somewhat.  Didnt find the new container as I figured one was enough since the mosquitos were starting to swarm. br Signed slightly damp log.  Thanks! br 
  -  Replaced the MIA cache container with a camo metal tin and a new geocoin!  Happy Caching!
  -  On a whim, took a bike ride.  We stopped at the pavilion for lunch.  Remembered there was a cache here.  Looked for stage 1 without a gps or clues and FOUND IT!!! Of course, had nothing to get me to stage 2 not a phone or a pen or anything.  Couldve helped verify the critter thing, oh well!  Maybe next time!
  -  Rumor has it an animal has eaten the top of the container.  Well check on it and replace the container soon.
  -  Well 4bucks, I did not get this one.  Found stage 1 easily. Spent 15 minutes retreaving the small cache to look for stage two.  After 30 minutes and about 20 misquito bugs, I finally gave up.  Must be the greatest camo I ever saw, as I zeroed out at the point and did not leave one thing unturned, pushed aside or whatever.  Got me on this one.
  -  This was our first multi stage cache and we really enjoyed it.  Had some trouble finding the nano for a while, but it was a good hide.  Thx for the cache.
  -  Couldnt find the nano.  Might try this one later.
  -  easy find but the nano was hard to get to..TNLN signed log, went late in the afternoon around 8pm and no one around either cache.
  -  Nice little multi. br TFTC. TNLN SL. br Fajita&Shu
  -  Found both!  SL TFTC
  -  Only had to wait out one muggle this morning.  Thanks for the cache and great location. br TNLNSL
  -  Tried this one twice today, the first time a family was having a picnic very close to the coords and the second time there were even more people hanging around.  I didnt even get a chance to look.  I will have to come back on a weekday, early weekend, or rainy day. 
  -  Found this one yesterday, great walk down to the cache, SL
  -  Beautiful walk on the river. Lots of people checking out the new homes! Our looking around fit right in. Took Mercury dime, left leapfrog pin. TFTC!
  -  Love those nanos! Nice multi! TNLNSL........Hoots! p  This entry was edited by Inkahoots on Sunday, April 22, 2007 at 5 56 32 PM. 
  -  100th find.  We went out and find the second stage, with brother Lando Calrizian and baby Jena.  T  0, L  mercury dime, flashlight keychain.
  -  Logging Ts coin in & out
  -  Nice little walk to get to the second stage.  This was just a little to far to go today holding the baby.  Will be back to finish this one off soon.  Could be my #100.  Sister fuselighter is still ahead.
  -  Nice little multi.   br Enjoyed another nice walk on a nice trail to a cache.  We really like walking on the Riverfront Greenway, and we have had a good time finding the caches there.  Thanks The4Bucks. br Coordinates where good, we where within 3 of the cache, but the GPS had fun bouncing under the canopy of trees. br T  Quarter br L  Pocketwatch and glass fish. br TFTH TFTC SL
  -  Another quick grab while near the river on a chilly, very windy day. Grabbed coin to move along! TFTC!
  -  This was a nice walk. Enjoyed it! Thanks!!
  -  To find the nano, you have to THINK like a nano!!! Experience paid off in finding stage 1. Stage 2 was like a stroll in the park, oh...wait, it WAS a stroll in the park.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  br In_the_woods and I enjoyed caching along the new Greeneway. br Wow, I could have sworn that those mega huge gargantuan houses mansions were just woods and dirt a few months ago...sigh...they grow up so quickly dont they...!?! br TNLNSL br Thanks for the hide! br 
  -  Stopped by after work and was FTF  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  p Gotta love multi caching along the Greenway  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle   There are so many good hiding places back there that I overthunk this one and it took longer than it really should have.   p Traded geocoins and SL.    p Thanks Bucks!  
  -  Published
  -  dropping Christmas geocoin
GCKK4C: 
  name: Don't Get Me Muggled created by HorseRider
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCKK4C&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  GPS was acting funny in this area, but finally grabbed it.
  -  Great cache, had lot of fun in the area.  There was a lot going on today, but when we were searching, it was relatively quiet.  br Thanks for the cache!  Thanks for cheering up my youngest! br T  Whistle and ballon br Left  Heart Flag, Hair doodle, Die
  -  Pretty much muggle free.  TFTF SL TNLN  On to the next one!
  -  Quick find with the kidz.  They had their new eyes.  Not many muggles, guess everyone was at the Greek Festival.  TFTF SL TNLN
  -  Found it early in the morning.  No muggles around.  TFTC. TNLN.
  -  Quick find while my wife stood guard.  Thanks br 
  -  Found cache at sundown, no muggles present. TFTC
  -  Nice and easy. TFTH
  -  Quick find while near the river before lunch today
  -  Great find! Beautiful area.
  -  Heading to North Augusta for a football game and grabbing some caches on the way. Nobody around so I had time to look. Spent about 20 minutes before calling for re inforcements. The shorter half of salutations came to heckle me but I had already found the prize by the time she got there. But I did give her a chance at the next cache. br Thanks! p  This entry was edited by Skillet68 on Tuesday, September 11, 2007 at 4 08 08 AM. 
  -  OH Yes.....Found This One Without Out A Person In Sight...Okay Maybe I Saw Them...But They Didnt See Me...!!!TFTCSL
  -  Didnt want to get it muggled so I decided to try this again another day.
  -  found this one on way to play trivia down @ Cotton Patch Wed. evening...good hiding place...took quarter   left Prayon safety token...RMO III
  -  Nice area. We took kids down to the play ground and got some ice cream. TFTH SL.    Note to owner the log was a little damp.   
  -  thx for the cache.  didnt have to wait out many muggles, probably too hot for most.  but enjoyed finding.  took the bear figure and left perfume.
  -  Lucked out and there were very few muggles about today.  TFTF!
  -  Second of two finds on the day.  Took a little while, but tree cover was messing with the GPS.  Used the clues instead and had very little trouble. p Had a picnic nearby afterwards.  Nice way to spend an anniversary. p TFTH! br 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  Nice area and hide.T toy puzzle,lizard and Geocaching Squad coin  L chinese coin
  -  Thx for the Augusta vacation cache!  Beautiful view of the river area.
  -  i got it right after the high winds and heavy rain today br no muggles br took red jeep TB br left police badge geocoin br TFTC
  -  This was well hidden. I think I got it without being muggled. I really hope so since I dropped off a 2007 Red Jeep travel bug. I really want this to keep going strong. I took the turkey band that was there. I found this with a friend who had never heard of geocaching. 
  -  Tried hard not to be seen, but Diva Driver said that we were spotted while I was putting the cache back in place.  They didnt look like they would come up and bother it though.  I certainly hope not anyway. p Well hidden cache.  Well placed. br Took  Nothing br Left  Little Frog
  -  Very nice hide!  Got this one with my little ones after finishing up the day at the Discovery center!  TNLNSL TFTH
  -  Nice hide.  The container was slightly open when I found it, and the log zippy needs to be replaced.  Wasnt too hard to sit there and pretend to do work on my pda while waiting for the waves of muggles to pass by.  TFTC  TNLNSL
  -  Dad said he thought there would be a cache here last year when we were here. Amazingly, he was right.
  -  Last find of the day. I am tired.
  -  Came to this area last year chaperoning my daughters field trip. As we were walking along, I pointed and said I bet there is a cache up there. Came back today and to my surprise, GPS lead me to the area I pointed. Freaky. Thanks for making me right.
  -  Just after the rain quit   so muggles werent bad yet!  SL TFTC
  -  Great Hide. TFTC
  -  Whew LOTS and LOTS of muggles today. Made the kids climb around as decoys while Mr Rod searched. Got caught in the act by Succotash who told us we looked very natural lol. TN LN SL TFTC 
  -  Nice evening with few muggles.  Easy find.  TN left wooden coin.  TFTC!
  -  Found last week end. TFTC.
  -  11 00 am   A fitting cache for my 50th find!!  Tried to get this yesterday, but too many muggles.  Enjoyed the hunt.  TN   Left GIS button.   p I Spy More br Vicksburg, MS
  -  Arrived in town early for a Senior Softball Tournament, and decided to search out some local caches.  Always enjoy the RiverWalk.  TNLNSL.  TFTH.
  -  Took a little looking but we got it.  SL  TFTC
  -  3 people searching.  Saw lots of possibilities but no joy.
  -  Once again, we did not have a GPS the first time out for this.  We were not even close!!!  Once we had the GPS, we pretty much walked right up to it!  Well, the kids with us did   I was 30 40 feet away...gotta work on the geo skills!
  -  Found this one early in the morning as we took a walk along the river. Thanks for bring us to a great place to spend some time togather.
  -  Business at the International Paper mill brought Capn YB to Augusta this fine spring day.  Since he would be in town for a couple of overnight stays Capn YB was going to squeeze in some cache hunting downtown near the hotel. p Well lets just say that the cache density in Augusta is not on par with Capn YBs home port of W S, NC.  Without access to independent transportation he was limited to what caches were within walking distance.   This gave Capn YB only five cache selections.   p 1  Sacred Heart archived by the local reviewer due to multiple DNFs and no replies from the owner. br 2  Riverwalk Walk a 5 stage multicache of 3 2.5 difficulty. br 3  Augusta Riverfront too distant for a brief excursion and return. br 4  The Godfather of Rockn Soul! a great landmark to visit, quite a few blocks from the hotel but still within walking distance. br 5  Dont Get Me Muggled a micro within strolling distance along the riverfront greenway. p Capn YB took advantage of an early afternoon return to grab this cache and during his walk he learned about the city and its history from the markers placed along the riverwalk.  He also brought along a few geocoins to log some additional mileage. p If he has time later, Capn YB will visit the Godfather.
  -  We didnt see any god hiding places, so we sat at a nearby bench and decrypted the clue.  1 part GPSr, 1 part dilligent searching, and 3 parts geo intuition and I found the cache while Steph wrangled the GeoDog.  TFTC! p   Jon  
  -  Crash1911 did the work for this one while I kept Feyaln company.  Took my first travel bug!  Hope to drop it off in Wilmington this weekend.  TFTC.
  -  Nice Quick find.....better than yesterday....lots of muggles but they did not bother me..
  -  Had to be carefull today lots of people taking an afternoon walk, also loved the hide br TN and LN just signed the log...TFTH
  -  Found it without to much trouble, love the area and the view.  Left a coin and took an insect.
  -  Found while caching with skippyrich2kids today.  Traded travel bugs and signed log.  Oh, log was a bit damp from all the rain last night so I dried it and put it in a ziplock bag.
  -  2 4 today.  Love the Riverwalk.  Damp afternoon, no muggles. Love the hide. br T  Sombrero key ring & Junior Paramedic Sticker br L  Earrings & dropped Japan Diabetes TB br TFTH TFHC SL
  -  Out for a walk on this beautiful late afternoon. Great hide. Thanks FTH.
  -  What a beautiful day for a walk along the river.  Snagged this cache as I was doing another.   p TNLNSL
  -  This one was quick and easy due to no muggles out on a freezing cold evening.  Took golf ball and left hair bands.
  -  Tried to find this one about a year ago, but couldnt find it.  I am pretty sure I looked in the same spot where I found it today.  Maybe it was muggled then or just easier to find when there were no muggles out today in the cold and rain.   br sl
  -  Found this one without being spotted! br TFTH!
  -  Nice Hide, T Noodleboy USA Geocoin L  Vibe
  -  Found cache early prior to muggles gathering in the area.  Thanks for a nice hide.
  -  Nice hide....TNLNSL TFTC Hoots!
  -  Looked for this one about seven months ago but way to many people around so my wife and came back and still alot of people were walking around , could not leave twice without it.tnlnsl
  -  Found this one with Midnightcat, as usual.  This was a hard one to make without getting muggled.  There are people all over this place and it feels like they are all staring at you.  Despite the lookers we were able to make the grab without being spotted.  TFTC  Gunkie
  -  We kinda cheated on this one. This is one of our first finds more than a year ago and we try not to revisit...but a cool travelbug icon brought us back. 
  -  Gunkie and I enjoyed the walk along the riverfront.  We found the cache without too much difficulty, and left the Noodleboy USA Geocoin and a junior paramedic sticker.  TFTC!
  -  The river is like my second home.  Once a rower in college, we spent every early morning and late afternoon in the shells rowing right past riverwalk during training.  Always loved the Riverwalk.  Holds special memories, first dates, great food, Arts in the Heart and of course, regattas. Thanks for the great locale.  Found this cache with a little help from our daughter.   p Left the diabetes travel bug.  
  -  Nice hide, could not have found this one without the hints. br Took golf ball left Nevada quarter. br Thanks for the fun.
  -  This the 3rd time I looked for this one , Findly found it.
  -  Great Place. br Thanks.
  -  Beautiful area and after a short search came upon the cache. Thanks for putting one in the area and thanks to UO Trackers for showing me the riverwalk
  -  Yep, seems to be a matter of me being too distracted with how many NGCs were out there that day; it was where Id already looked yesterday haha.  Missed it right in front of my eyes!    p TN, left 20cent Euro coin.
  -  0700 in Augusta, a little fog but nice. Passing through from Petersburg to St George Island Florida, caching along the route with coordinates and six characters of the name. Saw one other hide like this back in Kansas, so when the GPS said here, I said Aha. TFTC. TNLNSL  memnosine
  -  Not sure if I just missed it or if this one has been snatched...  I spent a Lot of time wandering the area, checked inside the stump, under the bushes, in tree crevices, etc and no luck.  I was having to dodge non GCers, though, so that couldve caused me to miss it!  One guy was very creepy to me, made the day interesting haha. p Will go back with my spouse to double check.  A second set of eyes always helps!    p Oh, and after being there Im utterly confused now by the clue given! ; 
  -  Found by Pigglywigglys cousin & horseminded. GP Burdelle & geodg were along for the bicycle ride. Took little donkey, left golf balls br TFTH!
  -  Okay, so I gave this one another try today and I found it!!  Its amazing how this is so in the open, and so hard to find...
  -  We looked and looked, but never found the goodies. Maybe next time...
  -  Found while I was in the Augusta on business from New Mexico.  Was right on the cache before I realized I had it.  Was first to find the new log, does that count for anything?  TFTC  TNLNSL
  -  A nice walk along the river and no muggles in site. It was a cool and windy day. THe Plantdoctor came along for the hunt.
  -  Cool fall evening. No one around.Great hiding place. br SL L small donkey. br TFTH. br Plantdoctor
  -  New container.  New log.  All the swag was replaced, but the logs were dripping wet.  Going to let those dry out, scan them in, then post them somewhere for archival purposes.
  -  This thing was in worse condition than we thought.  Were disabling until we can get a new container and logs.  Should only be a couple days.
  -  Nice hide.  Ive walked along the riverfront many times and never would have known anything was there if not for geocaching.  Cache was pretty wet, tried to dry it, used some scrap paper to leave my name.
  -  Took a bit of persistence and the climbing ability of a mountain goat, but we found the cache. The log was damp  not soaked this time  so we air dried it briefly and put it into a new small ziploc bag that might keep it drier.
  -  Really interesting hide.  Good cammo and its just difficult enough to keep you interested.  The container needs maintenance and the logs were soaked.  I signed but the paper was so wet that I doubt anyone can read it.  TFTC TNLN SL
  -  Camping at Mistletoe State park with Ludugmay. Too hot today to do anything except geocache. We were cachers on a mission. NO muggels out in this heat. SL. Loved this spot. br TFTC.
  -  This was our 10th of the day. We got there late Sat. afternoon. It was cloudy and there was lightning and thunder over in S. Carolina. There were NO muggles. We were up from Savannah camping at Mistletoe and caching with Flamingomama from Atlanta.  This was a beautiful location but a super hot day!  Thank you for hiding this for us to find. br Lucy & Doug
  -  In Augusta on business.  Great location,TFTC.
  -  Excellent hide!  Took flag pin left Cherokee casino token.  SL
  -  5th FOD. br TFTC!
  -  LOTS OF MUGGLES!! br We were tricky though and found the cache. It was Nicks first. Nice hide and beautiful area. br Took 1 coin and left an American flag pin. br TFTC 
  -  Im logging a DNF for this one, but the truth is I ran out of time.  I had to wait out some muggles before I could search, then some more showed up as I was searching and I had to make an appointment.  I had only been looking about 5 minutes when I had to leave.  Ill come back when I can spend more time on the looking!
  -  Found with my brother, rog_mick.  TFTH.
  -  Small and semi hard to find..
  -   Pretty easy, especially with the hint.  Not too many people out this morning so got it pretty quick.   there were some pretty nasty looking bugs in the hole, so it took me a minute to get the courage to stick my hand down in it.
  -  Lots of Mugglers!!  Took some time to get the place all to ourselves.  TFTC!!
  -  Found it shortly after finishing BRAG  Bicycle Ride Across Georgia .  Beautiful area    thanks for the hunt!
  -  Found while helping my sister at BRAG  in fact  she gets full credit for this one! She beat me to it!
  -  Was in town for the Alee Shriners Spring Ceremonial. Had to grab a few caches before heading home. Nice scramble up and down. I forgot how hot Augusta gets in the summer. TNLNSL   Ertman110
  -  Out for a run while in town on business.  TFTC!
  -  Thankfully, we didnt get muggled but quickly found the cache and signed the log. TFTC.
  -  The wife met me on my lunch break and we found this one.  Be sure to time your searches between the waves of muggles. br TNLN, SL
  -  My girlfriend and I found this today, our second find.  There were lots of muggles, but I was able to find it, sign the log and put it back without being seen.  TNL a golf tee. p  This entry was edited by mego22 on Tuesday, April 25, 2006 at 8 46 36 PM. 
  -  Didnt get muggled and enjoyed the area.  TFTH br 
  -  There were people all along the riverwalk, but we went while most people are working. Not too hard to find, but the log needs to be replaced. Two of the sheets were damp, and look like the names were washed off. 
  -  We found it!  Our first! p The wife and I just took up the sport and went out for the first time today.  Found 2 out of 5 visited...not too bad, I guess.  Not to be a bad carpenter, but the GPS we have put us about 50 feet from the cache and kept cutting out if there wasnt a huge, unobstructed view of the sky. p On to the cache.  Its a great place for a simple cache.  Many, many muggles, but traffic was light when we got there, and we snuck in and out undetected.   p The cache needs maintenance very badly.  The log is completely soaked and no names are left.  We started a new log with a piece of paper from our memo book and put it and the cache in a ziploc bag.   p TNLN...TFTC!
  -  Lots of people out of a beautiful day but I kept telling my 8 year old where to look and he found it pretty quickly.  It was very wet.  TFTC.
  -  I had been to this site twice before without a GPS and never found it even though both times before i was right on top of it.  Me and sis got it today..YIPPY!
  -  Found it and it is wet. need to put it in somthing to keep it dry
  -  Nice hide. br The cache was wet, there was even water in the container. br 
  -  The first time I looked for this one I had no luck.  This time I brought my wife along to help.  She found it in a few minutes.  Sometimes that extra pair of eyes is what it takes.  TFTC.  TNLN SL
  -  Found this afternoon after work. Log slightly damp, but we were able to sign. br TFTH!
  -  DNF.  No idea what the decrypted hints mean.
  -  Way to busy today!  The beautiful day had most of Augusta on the walk!  Took a stroll and got ideas on where to look the next time!
  -  We didnt find this one last time we were in Augusta. Found it today, but it took awhile. Dont over think this one. It is really not that hard. Signed log. Thanks!
  -  I have to log this one as a DNF.  Ill be back to try again.  Im sure I was close to it... but just couldnt find it.
  -  Finally found it. 3rd time was the charm.  Beautiful day for caching, great area also. br 
  -  Finally found this one today!  Thanks to UOTrackers for their great cache maintenance! We carefully replaced this one   very few muggles about today anyway due to the weather.  TFTC!
  -  4th out of 8 finds today. Nice hide, but the clues didnt seem to help. The cache was in pretty bad shape, missing lid, muddy log so I replaced the 35 mm with a new one, added a peice of paper for a new log  left the old one but it is very wet put everything into a new baggy. There was a ladybug stone inside that would not fit so I left it for a child to find, might just make their day, sorry I couldnt make it fit. TFTH Brae, Ancient & Andromeda
  -  Great clues!  You may want to come do a little maintenance.  The log was too wet and muddy for me to sign.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle   Had fun, thanks!
  -  Looked everywhere the cache wasnt.... Will try again someday.
  -  Looked all over.  Couldnt find a thing, even in the Hobbit Hole.
  -  Took some visiting family to this cache.  Found the cache and contents, but the lid is missing and everything is wet!
  -  Went early this morning, no muggles anywhere.  Followed the clues, but no cache found.  Perhaps we should name this one muggled again...
  -  went to a stump from three different angel. came up empty. br try later
  -  was hunting with jeepnman, will try again later.
  -  Will have to try again when it is warmer.  There were only a few mugglers around. 
  -  Took my sister out to introduce her to geocaching and this is one of three she found.  Nice hide, lots of muggles at times.  TFTC.
  -  I found this one easly after a bird watch with the Aiken Augusta Audubon club. Left a badge lanyard, and some paper, as the log was getting full fast. Took nothing. br TFTH  br Calvin Zippler
  -  First of 3 today.  Great little hiding spot.  We let the two young members of Team Fantastic 4 play in the playground for a bit before hitting the cache. TNLNSL br TFTC
  -  Beautiful location. Great views.  br TNLN SL br Fajita&Shu
  -  There were many muggle children about on school trips to Fort Discovery.  Had to wait some of them out to begin the search for the cache.  Its a beautiful area.  Im in town visiting family and everytime Im here I always visit the Riverwalk.  TFTC!!
  -  My only find for today.  It was very humid so I dont think today was a good day to cache.  At least I found this one.  TFTHSL
  -  Hi, br  Found this on 9 21 while staying at the Country Inn for a conference.  I didnt have a pen so I couldnt sign the log.  Took nothing, left nothing.  Anyone who goes looking for this cache should check the Museum nearby.   
  -  found it while in augusta with a friend  im shacking up in the hotel for a few days while shes in meetings  for a mini vacation. p it was late in the day, i had been driving all day, finding benchmarks. i thought it was in the discovery center. i thought those people werent part of the center, and didnt know another way into the park. i didnt think jumping the fence would be a good idea.
  -  Decided to ride 117 miles round trip on my bicycle just to find this cache!  Well, I did ride that far but finding this cache was just a sidetrip on the trip. This is a really nice park along the river. A local radio station was doing a remote just above where the cache is by the Discovery center. I forgot to bring a pen so I took a photo of the cache and I wasnt about ready to ride all the back to Batesburg to get one. Ill send photo of cache to owner. TNLN, only find today.  p Cheers,  br Blake
  -  An easy find, but clevery hidden.  TNLN, SL.  Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Searched for the cache while on vacation from Chicago.  Came with friends, and had many eyes looking.  Also found the cap, but came up empty on the rest of the container after a long search.  Went back to the car and got a new container.  Put it with the old cap where we found it.  E mailed owner about logging, but saw when we got back home that others had logged finding the cap   so well log it too.  Great place for a hide, this area had just opened up when we moved away many years ago.  TFTC
  -  Before I went out today, I did not check the log to see Jon and Mikis entree.  I too found the top of the container with the geocaching logo on it.  They have put it inside the clue area so you can reattach it and try again.  This is the second cache that has been on the river in this area that has been muggled.  Wonder if it is ever safe.  I was there Sunday late morning with few muggles about, but otherwise, it is always very crowded in that area.  Maybe somewhere a bit down stream?
  -  Unfortunately, its been muggled.  We found the remains of the cache, just the film canister cap with geocaching sticker attached.  No log left to sign.  Thanks HorseRider for letting us log it as found.  Spent some time playing with the exhibits in the area.  Nice spot.  
  -  Sad to say this cache is no longer water proof. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  But it was a fun find anyway! TFTC
  -  i think some mugglers were watching me as i looked under every rock in the whole area. i felt dumb. but a fun little cache.
  -  great location me and my husband almost gave up but we found it eventually it was literally right underneath our noses.
  -  Never been to the area before. Nice walk. br Took Jamaica coin. Left NH coin
  -  Our first cache in the great state of Georgia. Came down from Illinois to see Lance Armstrong ride in the Tour de Georgia and decided to do a little geocaching on the side. Lots of muggles around on a Sunday afternoon but they didnt seem interested in us climbing around. Even after finding the cache I dont understand a couple of the hints. TFTC!!
  -  Found at 12 20PM.  Enjoyed my visit to this nice park. Do not live in Augusta, but I will be back.  TN LN SL
  -  found it, thanks
  -  This one drove us crazy. I ended up using the clues to help find the cache because the numbers kept jumping around. The friends thing never did make sense to me but I did finally find it.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found  eventually  with Punctatus. GPS led us astray, but hint about the proximity got the job done  still dont get the many of my friends... reference, but found is found . Thanks!
  -  Found it after an hour or so being directed 150 or so west of site.  The hint steered us in the right direction and it was quickly found.  Placed log into ziplock bag for dampness protection. Thanks.
  -  Sixth of seven finds today for Just Another Engineer visiting from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.  Nice location...enjoyed the walk.  Took the snowman and left a key chain. br vr br JAE
  -  There was to many people around. I looked for a good while but i couldt find it. 
  -  With a little help from jojajill, we found this one on our second try.
  -  Beautiful day! Was attending the JASON Project at the National Science Center  great program by the way  and was in the area. Took a bit of looking, but found it. SL Thanks!
  -  There was definitely muggles around the area.  Just couldnt find it...
  -  Muggles?  No problem.  Just go when its 40º outside.  It was deserted.  SL and L $5.  Jamaican dollars, that is.... a single coin .
  -  The area around the cache had signs of an intense search.I spotted the cache in plain view. I signed the log and re hid the cache in a way I felt like it was orginally concealed. Thanks for the fun! Clever camo on the container!
  -  Parked in empty church lot and had a nice walk up the hill.  Park pretty empty. Golly it was cold. We had fun doing this. The cache is in good shape. Thanks for hiding this cache. 
  -  This was a very cool hunt!  You are right muggles are everywhere!!!  Be careful and look closely it is there!! p Thanks for the fantastic hunt.  A beautiful park indeed! p Took   Bermuda quarter p Left   Snowman Ornament
  -  Found this one with my butt. I figured with all the muggles Id just try to look like I was sitting relaxing. So I moved around on my rump until I found it. This was a tough one. Had fun thanks for a good hide. Forgot my pen but left a Bermuda quarter. 
  -  Down visiting parents. Took 82 year old dad for some geocaching. Could not find this one, so we left for lower hanging fruit elsewhere. br The Callan Crew
  -  Lunch time find. I can recall this whole area before it was developed, it has really evolved into a nice place.  br TNLNSL. Thanks br Poundcakejake
  -  Film can was smashed thus open, good thing I found it before it rained.
  -  Just to let everyone know, this is not an easy cache. You really have to think and look.  p If it where easy, muggles would find it! p Horserider
  -   br   Man I looked everywhere but could not find it. I wonder if its still here.  br  Thanks for the adventure.
  -  Great site for a cache. This one took me a while. Those little buggers are hard to find. I confess I had to decode the hint. TFTH.
  -  After a few no finds I was in the area today and checked on this one for HorseRider its still there. Come try again........... p  
  -  We think we found the coded hint. Our two GPSs pointed to that area.  We checked the area for a long period of time leaving nothing unturned but could not find this cache. br Thanks br CaptainBoots
  -  Did not find it after an extensive search under many of the light pals and near several tall friends. Thanks anyway.
  -  I was unable to find the cache. There is a lot of rocks that have been turned over in the area. I have had bad luck with Micro caches at this location before. I think there has been at least three within a rocks throw of this cache and all have been trashed or a least they are not listed anymore. Too many people around I think. p I had talked to another cacher who had just tried to find the cache, but was unsuccessful also. But it seems that another cacher found it the same day that I was there. I was there around 1 PM or so. br 
  -  Found it today with Miaka!  Thanks for the good hint Miaka.  Great hiding place. br 
  -  Armed with a new clue, a keen eye, and a totally empty riverwalk, I went in on the down low and snagged it in under five!!! TFTC!! br 
  -  The second time is a charm!  FTF!!!  After a few minutes of searching, I was successful in finding the cache.  It is apparent that the area around it has been thoroughly searched by earlier hunters though.  TNLNSL.  TFTH! p Miaka p  This entry was edited by Miaka on Tuesday, September 21, 2004 at 6 52 09 AM. 
  -  By popular demand, the hint is updated.
  -  Looked today also...kept going in circles...DNF br 
GCYQ55: 
  name: Fox Hunt created by FantasticFour-4
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCYQ55&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  We found this while on our caching the USA 2007 tour. Thanks for the hide. br Andy & Ellie
  -  This one has been on our list for awhile. Found it while in the area for The Obelisk. TFTH SL.
  -  Was out with Skippy today. She brought the bread and the kids fed the fish. This was a very clever hide!!! TFTH! SL
  -  Clever hide. Was in town from AZ on business. Im not sure its even a pocket park, more like a pckt pk! TNLNSL. TFTC!!!
  -  Found a similiar cache while in Montana.  TFTC.  TNLN.
  -  Heading to North Augusta for a football game and grabbing some caches on the way. Didnt have any crackers but did have some bread for the fishes.
  -  Found it on a cache run.
  -  Published coordinates were exact, contents of cache was dry and in good condition. Thanks for the cache.
  -  An interesting little park.  I have passed here many times and never noticed it!  TFTC.
  -  thx for the cache.
  -  Just about got us on this one, GREAT HIDE! Thanks!!!!
  -  We loved this one! One of our favorites so far! Great hide thanks. Took panda  also my favorite  eraser, left bicentennial quarter.
  -  done this type before so i found it quickly. br TFTC TNLN SL
  -  Didnt find this one, even after two attempts and a hint from the owner.  Enjoyed the park, though. p  Thats really par for the course, though.  Every trip, we have to DNF one easy cache ...  p Dont know when well be back in the area.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  Nice Memorial. Put log in new ziplock. TFTH. T nothing    L set of dice
  -  Augusta vacation DNF.  Too many rocks, too little time.
  -  I love this little pond.  Nice hide too.  The log was a little damp, probably because the container had a fair amount of water standing in it when I found it.
  -  Nice Hide.  TNLN TFTC
  -  Log was a little wet, tried to seal the Ziploc tight as possible. Great hiding place.
  -  Found with Ludugmay. TFTH.
  -  Went in circles a little on this one.  Once we parked it was a quick find. Thanks for the hunt. br Lucy & Doug
  -  275. It took me a little bit to find this one. Thank goodness for paperless caching. The hint was a BIG help. TFTC! 
  -  4th FOD.  Great camo.  TFTC!
  -  Great job on the camo...really enjoyed finding this cache.  TFTC!
  -  Just getting into town   needed some fresh air after the rough flight here.  This one had me going in circles.  Very creative.  My GPS was jumping quite a bit and then I had the cache in my hand and didnt know I had it   great hide   SL   Great memorial tucked away in town.  br I Spy More br Vicksburg, MS p  This entry was edited by I Spy More on Tuesday, June 05, 2007 at 7 23 11 PM.  p  This entry was edited by I Spy More on Tuesday, June 05, 2007 at 7 24 26 PM. 
  -  SL TFTC
  -  Looked and Looked. Finally found it.  Thanks to little sis. TFTC
  -  Nice find, trust your GPS. TFTH!
  -  twin cachers p easy find br grandparents live right by it  br thanks for the fun
  -  Easy find after we found a place to park.  SL   TFTC
  -  Geo force did not work on this one. Had my mind set on what this should be and not what it was. I had read to much into the cache. Just about to head to the next cache when my wife looked at me and asked Is this it? I had walked right past it and dismissed it. Thanks for the cache.
  -  Found pretty quickly.  Clever hide.  SL TNLN TFTF
  -  Great hide, really nice pond for being in a high traffic area.  SL TNL Air Force pin.
  -  Today we decided to try even more high tech geocaching    we used a Garmin Nuvi with waypoints to drive to the cache and then my trusty eTrex to find the hide.  Thought I knew what I was supposed to be looking for, so this one took us a while... Luckily Ive seen this type of hide before!  What a neat litle park, TFTC. p   Jon  
  -  Beautiful day, caching with Crash1911.  Found this one then headed to the Riverwalk for more.  TFTC
  -  Pass this one a lot.  Never knew it was dedicated to someone.  I thought it was part of the entrance to the homes along the river.  Very nice memorial, Virginia Fox was someone special to have her own garden in her honor. br Had a new geocacher with us no name yet , they found it in seconds. GPS was right on coordinates.  Container is wet and so was log even though it was in a zipl.  br TN SL br L  Golf tee & #1 Mom pin in honor of Ms. Fox.
  -  Being a Fox Hunter....well I had to hunt this one...Spouse was wandering around like a lost hound. I  called Tally Ho!   br TFTC!!! br Nice spot and placement! br CB    br Will up load pic later...
  -  Grabbed this one today as it started to rain.  Log is still a little moist and cache was suspiciously positioned  maybe it fell over? .  I tried to fix as best as I could before it really started to pour.
  -  Loved the fish!  TNLNSL.
  -  Great Hide, Grandson loved the goldfish
  -  Thanks. TNLNSL. Log was a bit damp, dried it out the best I could.
  -  Last find of the day, or evening. Amanda earned that night cacher pin she picked up earlier today. TFTC.
  -  Our 4th and final find today while out for our Valentines date. This is such a beautiful little area, we also enjoyed the drive through the small community. Brae found the cache somewhat damp, so replaced the baggie and signed the log. All the paper in the log is quite soaked. Took the TB and left a shiny new gold dollar coin! TFTC Brae & Ancient
  -  Nice hide!  We missed the fish though, if was well after dark when we found this one.  SL br 
  -  Clever hide.  Had to get help from the micromaster RayRay4x4 though.  Loved the goldfish too.  tnlnsl
  -  Nice Micro   2nd of 5 for the day br SL
  -  Our 2nd FOD with the4bucks.  We didnt have coords, but I remembered the general locale.  No problem, Mrs. Bucks used a life line & called a friend, who gave the coords and then she went right to it.  Nice Memorial to Mrs. Fox!   Kids loved the fish.  Signed log.  TFTC so fun!!
  -  Clever little hide!  The kids loved the fish.  Left diabetes travel bug & signed log  which was new & dry img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  The arrows just loved this hunt!  They thought it was such a cool idea.  New log sheet in this one, if my memory serves me properly.  TFTH!
  -  Cute find, but cache is quite soggy and no log usable that i could see.
  -  Log was very wet but we managed to sign.  Dried logsheet as best we could and put it in another zip bag.  TNLNSL.  Thanks!
  -  Punctatus and I wandered around this one for a while before decoding the necessary hints, but we were victorious in the end... Love the goldfish... br Thanks!
  -  Very foxy little hide! First time my GPS has been dead on! Hints are a must! TNLNSL TFTC  Hoots!
  -  Found this one with Midnightcat, took a few minuted just to get parked.... I hate one way streets.  Once there she made the grab without much trouble.  TFTC  Gunkie
  -  never really noticed this park before. Thanks for the sidetrip. T  $1 L  tiny cat  br TFTC!
  -  5th FOD while On Our Way to the UO Trackers End Of Year Cache Bash In Aiken. br TFTC!
  -  Wow.  For once my geo intuition paid off.  I walked right to it.  TFTC!
  -  Very inventive hide, clues were the key. br Thanks for the challenge. br TN LN
  -  Took the quarters and left a dollar bill.Took awhile to fine it.
  -  I Got this one during a lunchtime cache fix with a coworker.  Im standing there and saying it should be about five feet from here.  I check one thing then turn around and my buddy says is this it.  Yes that was it.  Nice hide.  TFTC!
  -  Great location. br Thanks.
  -  We looked around, picked up a couple of things tosee if they were alike but no luck.  Lots of muggles driving by and even had one stop and tell me I was on private property.  Dont know if well go back, but Id like to try to find it.  The mini park is beautiful and the goldfish enjoy treats. br   
  -  Thanks! br Wandrr  and Mrs Wandrr, Ottawa, Canada
  -  I would PERSONALLY suggest raising the difficulty raiting on this a bit higher, but thats just me.  Its a nice area, and there are MANY things that could be not like the others.  Thanks again.
  -  This is a nice hide and a beautiful water feature honoring someones loved one.  Make sure you bring something for the fish when you go.
  -  Nice hide. I had seen another one like this during a trip out in California this summer. TN, left minature Utilikey  yes, it actually fit , signed log. br ZZZCACHER
  -  Was unable to locate.  Read the plaque, enjoyed the scenery.  Didnt feed the fish though, no crackers.  Went around and around for a while, not really picking anything up  respect and all , but was not able to find the cache.  Nice place  Thanks for the hunt though.
  -  I love geocaching you never know what you will see the cach hid in. tn ln
  -  Wow...what a great hide. Loved it! br TFTC
  -  Since this was a memoral I didnt want to turn over all the rocks.
  -  Found on the second go around. I never knew this was such a nice little memorial. br 
  -  Nice little different pocket park type location. Cache was quickly located and then spent some time looking at the fish. Thanks for a unique location, I enjoyed spending a few minutes here after finding the cache.
  -  This is such a nice little place!  And it was a clever hide!  TNLN.  Signed log.  TFTH!
  -  Looked all over  even had the hint along  but felt a little strange searching the area and also didnt want to be climbing all over this memorial. Did feed the golfish though.
  -  Nice cache. SL L small red car. br TFTH br Plantdoctor
  -  We never realized this landscaped area was a memorial   neat.  The hide could be pretty tough  we had seen a similar one in the past .  TFTC!
  -  Nice little cache  Beautiful little area with gold fish.
  -  Early this morning we headed out to try to find this new cache. We journeyed deep into the jungle  it had to be at least 3 5 miles from the car , and stood on the bank trying to decide how to get across to the cache when we noticed the gator. Usually a gator is enough to turn us away, but not today. We managed to find the cache and sign the log while avoiding the pirana and the hungry gator. p SL TFTC. p Fajita&Shu 
  -  Second visit and I found it.  Great little hide.  Went with wife but she waited in the car.  Read the poem on the stone.
  -  The Miser and I shopped in Augusta and just had to pick up a cache or two on the way home.  Enjoyed the stop, but forgot the crackers for the gold fish. SLTFH
  -  Came home via rt 104.  Enjoyed the hunt and looking at the houses on the water.SLTFC
  -  No coordinates on this one just looked around because familiar with the area and the Foxs story. This is a nice tribute to love lost.  Much like the cache still is to me.  Will look again later.
  -  Quick grab this afternoon after work. TFTC!
  -  Woo hoo!  My first FTF!  SL. TFTC, nice hide.  After a little recalibration, I zeroed in fairly quickly.  BTW, nice to meet you.
  -  Published
GC11MV9: 
  name: Riverfront Greenway created by the4bucks
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC11MV9&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  nice cache 1 of 2 for the day tfth
  -  We found it but the contents were outside the container and the top to the container was missing.  Owner may want to check on this one.  Thanks for leading us down this nice path.
  -  Mr Bucks found this one while we were enjoying the Greenway on bike.  The little Bucks and I hid all our caches while he was bravely serving in Iraq.  Saw 2 deer on the edge of the woods.
  -  2nd of 2 finds 2 day...did not realize how much this area had grown up & so quickly...neat little neighborhood...took doggie ornament & left purple f ball helmet...RMO III, ERO, & ORO
  -  Found with teamwizkidz.  We were going to find Boeckh Park then the TTX Railcar but the rain got us first.  Oh well, next time.  TFTF TNLN SL
  -  We went to the wrong subdivision but did manage to get on the right track or should say walkway.  TFTF TN left little dog. SL
  -  Nice trail. p Left Lanyard br Took Groovy TB
  -  The sharks tooth was gone!  Drat!  Therefore, I took nothing!   
  -  Picked up funny sock monkey geocoin and dropped off groovy geocoin. p  This entry was edited by the4bucks on Sunday, August 05, 2007 at 2 33 17 PM. 
  -  Found with the kids.  The kids really love finding br his type not having to get scatched up going through bushes and thorns to find . br Left Sally the sock puppet geocoin.  Sally is in a race with Sam the sock puppet geocoin to see how many miles they can go.  Please keep her moving. br My GPS lead me to five trees from one, then to the four. p TFTC SL  
  -  What a great spot. This is a wonderful way to spend Sunday afternoons. Took a ribbon that said Im a winner because it was damp. Also took a red bookmark with eyes.  Left a sharks tooth. TFTC
  -  The log need a new bag.  Walk was nice.  Took nothing.
  -  Forgot to say I snagged the travel bug.
  -  My second of 4 bucks hides for today. Hope that wasnt poisoon ivy I had to go through to get this cache, but I did it anyway. T  TB L  light key chain. TFH and the walk along the river.
  -  Thx for the cache.  Good final cache of the day.  Took a toy car and left a car TB.
  -  found it quickly.  Good thing, too, as it started to rain as I was signing the log.  For once I was glad for the tree cover.  TNLNSL TFTC!
  -  Nice walk from the nearby cache.  Good hide.  TNLNSL. TFTC!
  -  SL. TFTH.
  -  Took awhile to find the right road in since were not from around here. We are from Savannah up to camp & cache & visit relatives.  Found with Flamingomama. Thanks for the hunt. br Lucy & Doug
  -  Walk Along Way For This One...Found With Aquasled
  -  We walked a long way for this one, but it was a nice day for it.  Thanks for the cache!
  -  Good hint and a well done hide. This area is really nice. br SL TCTC. br Fajita&Shu
  -  Accidentally started at Hammonds Ferry Soccer Fields... not a good idea. Watch out because the Greenway is under construction at some parts. After a little hiking, it was a sight for sore eyes.
  -  Found it with my family while on a nice Sunday afternoon walk. Took NA Centennial Coin and left toy. Fun find TFTC.
  -  Very nice area.  Took Amazing Race TB sl tftc
  -  We found this one after walking by it three times trying to shake muggles.  We wish we could afford one of these awesome homes here.   p TNSL.  Left zoo penny.  TFTC!
  -  Couldnt Find What Street To Park On...GTGB p  This entry was edited by XXX_Cacher_Dan_XXX on Sunday, June 17, 2007 at 7 01 50 PM. 
  -  Great area, when my wife and I win the lottery, I think we will move here.  The gpsr was a little jumpy, so we had to use the clue.  TNLNSL
  -  Returned to replace race travelbug   trip to charleston cancelled  sorry .  Took keychain instead.
  -  Quick find on my lunch hour.  Took the amazing race travel bug to take to Charleston.  Left North Augusta centennial wooden coin.
  -  Left TB
  -  Great area for a cache.  TFTH SL TN LN
  -  Awesome cache found quickly
  -  cool cache
  -  Nice walk, saw a blue bird. Thanks for the fun.
  -  Nice little walk.Im thinking about buying one of those nice little houses for my summer home.
  -  Beautiful walk on the river. It was our first walk on this part of the Greenway. Thanks for bringing us here! TN left clover charm. TFTC!
  -  Great weather to be outside and caching. Tested out the new GPS today and WOW...   p SL, did not trade anything, Ill be back to drop off a pathtag though when I get them in.
  -  This was a great hide in one of the most beautiful little trails on SC.  Just a stones throw across the river from Augusta.  The new homes here made me very jealous to be a poor student.
  -  TNLN
  -  We parked in the Hammond Ferry neighborhood which we found very interesting!  Love the walk, its a beautiful area.  Thanks!
  -  First find on a blustery day. The tree literally called to us on approach  wind was blowing so hard it was rubbing against another . We thought we may be crushed to death.  br Quick find. Grabbed the coin and then Rhonda dropped it on the way out. Took longer to find the coin than it did the cache. Thanks for the fun!
  -  Found this while out with Jotrag. Thanks for the hide.
  -  Gorgeous weather, fabulous Saturday, awesome friend...what ever shall we do...? I know, lets hit the Greeneway and get those new caches!!! Found this one with In_the_woods and my faithful geo dog. We all enjoyed the walk! br T N br L  Signal Geocoin br Thanks!
  -  Nice walk and a beautiful area! Took  dinosaur coin and A keychain, Left  marble and beaded keychain. Thanks! 
  -  Hiked on in as did D2M2! WOW....if I had a dime for every mile Ive walked on that Greenway I could buy a new GPS! br Great hide and a neat container in a beautiful place! br Took  Deck of Cards Dropped TB USA Traveler Dog Tag. br TFTHSL......................Hoots!
  -  What a nice little hide! Cant wait to see Hammonds Ferry finished. This was our babys first cache! L  Circus Freak TB  TNSL p TFTC!!
  -  found it. This was a nice walk. Took the long way there.
  -  Walked over from TTX and M2 spotted the cache.  We had to wait out some other folks who were tramping in the woods about 100 yards away.  Not clear what they were doing, but they went on their way and we went about our caching business. p TNLNSL
  -  Nice hide. Found it with a litle help from my lovely companions Mrs. Stinky and Alleykat. Had to be a little discreet because of the construction work going on. This is developing into quite a recreational area! Took Audrey otter travelbug. Left small playing cards.
  -  Came to this area looking for Fox Hunt.  It was in the other state.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   Glad the4bucks placed this cache here.  It is a nice place and will be even nicer when its finished.  The coordinates where good.  Good hide. br T  Chik Fil A coupon & mongoosehides magnet br L  dinosaur coin & snap link br Swapped TBs......L  Audrey otter TB........T  Compass TB br TFTH TFTC SL
  -  TFTC. Found after a little searching.   br T  Toy Man br L  Compass TB br 
  -  Wanted to add it was our 80th find!
  -  We brought our youngest on his new bike for his first greenway ride.  Gorgeous day, dodging caterpillars, took travel bug, but accidently dropped while pedaling.  It is now under repair, nothing a little superglue cant fix.  TFTC my friend!
  -  Nice location and easy find...Took Pirates TB and dropped off Cutting grass TB, TFTC
  -  FTF. Amanda got her own GPS this week, so we had to test it out. And so far, it is very accurate. Mine had us about 10 feet from the site, but she was spot on. We dropped the Pirates TB, and it should be moved rather quickly, since it is a wee bit bigger than the cache length. Grabbed the geocoin, and will move along shortly. TFTC.
  -  Published
  -  Dropped fun geocoin   enjoy and know that he likes to keep moving please!
GC15AW5: 
  name: Service To Mankind created by teezer
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC15AW5&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Traded TBs
  -  T  UFO Top br L  2 Planet Extreme coupons p Good condition. Great Cache. 
  -  nice cache, we never knew that was there tfth left jeep tb
  -  great site 
  -  Thanks for the walk and cache. It was a perfect day for caching. Of course any day, rain or shine, is a perfect day for caching. SLTNLN
  -  Found while knocking out some for the Delorm Chalange
  -  Our first SC find!  Thanks for the great location!  Everything is in great shape! br TFTFSL br T  Calculator, Pen, Pencil br L  Puff Ball, Necklace, Pencil, CO GEOCOIN TB, Halloween Pencils!
  -  A nice walk on a good morning.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  A great day to be outside, a quick and easy find on a nice trail.
  -  TFTC, TNLNSL, kids had a blast searching for this one
  -  Im Happy Hunters sister!  We had a good time finding this one, but those ammo cans sure are hard to open!  Not fair for two middle aged women!    
  -  Looked for this one last week with my better half, but no luck. Tried again this week with my sister and we walked right to it. Go figure! Great hide! Took a pencil and left some eyeball glasses. TFTC
  -  TFTC.  Left nothing, but did have my share of mosequite bites. p 
  -  So much fun caching on our favorite greenway today   caching sure is more fun when its not too hot and ammo cans are always exciting when CWK  caching with kids !  The picninc tables were a plus for snack time!  Traded items.  TFTC!
  -  Great cache.  The ammo box caches are the best!  Gorgeous location.  Found with the4Bucks  nice trail for the boys to run out their morning energy.  We even enjoyed snack time at the many picnic tables nearby.  Took Geocoin and traded out other goodies.  Bucks loaded up this cache like a big green Christmas Stocking!! Next one to find it gets the pick of the litter!
  -  Grabbed this one after work today while we were waiting on the car to be serviced. The coin is missing. TFTC!
  -  Second find on the greenway today.  We always enjoy coming to the greenway and its cool to travel from one end to the other without crossing over Georgia Avenue.   br Thanks for the adventures teezer. br   Note~we didnt see flydives Hardcore Caching Geocoin 07~in the cache   br T batteries and M&M magnet br L  keychain squeaky and calculator and a fake candle br TFTH TFTC SL
  -  Nice short walk and a fairly quick find early this morning br TFTC
  -  Found cache in good condition. I did not see flydives Hardcore Caching Geocoin 2007 in the ammo box.
  -  Heading to North Augusta for a football game and grabbing some caches on the way. Traded out coins.
  -  not trying to alarm anyone, but please BE CAREFUL when geocaching!!!...I know how easy it is to focus on the task at hand   finding the cache   and you can easily drop your guard as far as being safe..trying best not to give away hiding places, but wanted to forewarn all cachers   as we all shoud be aware, keep a lookout for potential harm when hiking   searching in woods...today my wife, brother in law, and his wife came across an ANGRY nest of yellow jackets today...before we knew it, we all had been stung a few times, thankfully none too serious...this certainly was a wake up call for me personally and I just wanted to share my thoughts with all of you...again, be prepared for the somewhat unexpected and please try to maintain some perspective on your surroundings...needless to say, we cut this one short today; well just have to come back and get it another day...LOL...RMO III 
  -  I really liked this area! Lots of great hiding places!  Very good coordinates on this hide.  We always love finding ammo cans in the woods!  TNLN SL TFTC!!
  -  Nice hide! Took me a little looking even though co ords were dead on! TFTCSL Grabbed Geocoin....Hoots!
  -  Very nice As Many Of Times As ive Been Down Here....I Never Knew That Was Back There...Had To Work Around a Muggle Reading ...But I GOT IT......TFTC
  -  Finally had some time to get out and cache and saw this one had been newly posted. Never knew this place existed. Thanks for the cache. SL TN L  Ice Rose Geocoin and Texas Geocoin.
  -  Found it on a cache run.
  -  We always enjoy coming to the Greenway area. Nice hide location. TNLN, TFTC!
  -  Knocked this one out on the way home from the canal. br Movin bear TB   br TFTC SL
  -  Yea! Another FTF! 2nd FTF of the day at that! This was a very nice hide. Nice shelter too. Didnt know it was there. T  Pizza card and Cutting Grass TB L  Almanac game and Hiking Bear TB br TFTC!! p  This entry was edited by The Brainerd Bunch on Thursday, August 23, 2007 at 6 33 53 AM. 
  -  Added Cutting Grass TB.  Have fun! br 
  -  Published
GC11MVH: 
  name: TTX Railcar created by the4bucks
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC11MVH&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  I enjoyed finding this one!  I love the little container its in!
  -  Actually found this one last week, but logging it now. We saw a deer cross the path while we were signing the logbook. TNLN
  -  TFTC.  Came at it from the soccer fields.  Had fun talking with a resident. p 
  -  My first find! Nice hid.
  -  FOUND IT.....Along Time Ago Just Now Remember I Found The Name Of It....I Founf With Aquasled Awhile Back
  -  nice quick find. cool bridge. We love the greenway! TNLN TFTC
  -  2nd find 2 day...cool place for a cache hide...amazing how much there is to see and do in this part of N. Augusta...somehow, I seemed to be off when checking my distances when searching for cache   atleast according to my GPS unit...brother in law did much better...e.g., I would read 40   50 ft away, then he would read 30 ft or so closer   in exact same spot...is it possible I could be somehow affecting unit reception?...I know that sounds crazy   or seems crazy   but we would actually have 2 entirely different readings @ the exact same spot, depending on who was holding the GPS unit?!?!?!?!?...RMO III & Scott
  -  Found TTX and was FTF on a stamp hide.  Since I dont stamp, I just left everything as it was. SL TFTC
  -  Found it on 2nd try, thanks to my daughter.
  -  Heat was not a factor being that the sky was overcast. Thanks for the fun.
  -  Had to quit hunting geos today for about 2 hrs to cool down after walking to this one.  Kids got really hot going after it.  Be caeful if you are going after this one in this 100+ degree heat. br TFTC SL
  -  Great Cache!! container was different to say the least. it certainly didnt just jump out at you. 
  -  Nice bridge.  And nice container, not what I was expecting.  TNLNSL TFTC!
  -  Enjoyed the walk along the path  though I usually do not do woods during the summer months...but with stick in hand, I was off .  Great use of recycling of the car? SLTFH
  -  We met an entire family of deer while looking for the cache.  It was a great bonus!!  Thx for the cache.
  -  Found with Ludugmay. Here for a funeral of our favorite Aunt May. Great cache location.  TFTH.
  -  Back sooner than we thought.  Funeral in family . This was awesome. Who would have ever thought....... Found this with Flamingomama. Thank you for hiding this for us to find. br Lucy & Doug
  -  On rechecking the cache page when we got home we had 2 numbers transposed in the coords.   Well be back to get this one on our next trip to Augusta. br Lucy & Doug
  -  Found it fairly easily... took little brothers and the dog. Great for the whole family.
  -  Didnt see the king snake, just the cache. br SL TFTC. br Fajita&Shu
  -  Very nice area. SL TFTC
  -  Way cool bridge!  Very cool way to use a railcar.  We, and our new friend the Black Kingsnake, love the new branch of the Greenway. p TNSL.  Left museum penny.  TFTC!
  -  We had a nice little walk to this place.  This is a very nice area to visit, and a very interesting destination!  We were able to find the cache with no problems. Great job on the coordinates!  Thank you for the cache!
  -  Out caching witht the family today.  Found rather quickly. br TNLNSL
  -  Nice walk in the shade. Thanks for the fun.
  -  Nice location and good cool walk in the shade.
  -  nice place for a cache, we liked the bridge wish there were more caches out in the wild like this one
  -  Beautiful place, wonderful flowers in the area. First of five caches today. Took wheat penny, left two putt putt tokens and a tiny eraser. TFTC!
  -  We went out w Geoholic today.  This is such a nice area they are putting together, even nicer when you know someone who lives there    We really enjoyed the traincar bridge, it was really a neat little thing to come out and see, as were the old trees we encountered in route proclaiming, that would make for a nice cache place. Took dogpaw charm and left an ace card charm.
  -  A beautiful walk out on the greenway today with UOTrackers. Also made this harder then it was. SL
  -  Found after wife called and said it was time for dinner.  This one was easier than I made it.  Found with my one year old daughter Jena and spent as much time corralling her away from the poison ivy.  Smell of creosote still strong on train undercarriage.
  -  What a neat bridge. We have never been to this park of the Greenway. Grabbed the coin to move along. TFTC!
  -  Really cool use of an old railcar! Thanks for the hide!
  -  The young Braceys thought this was a cool bridge! We found the cache after a short search. TNLNSL Thanks!
  -  Now thats one cool bridge! What a great way to spend our tax dollars! Made this find harder than it should have been but found it! Nice hide TFTCSL..............Hoots!
  -  Traded geocoins
  -  Found it. This was a nice walk.left a coin
  -  We dont live that close to the Greenway, so I always enjoy the these opportunities to visit.  The boys thought the train car was too cool  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  p TNLSL
  -  I took my brother  Punctatus  and my husband  who wishes to remain geo anonymous  out to find this cache today. Along the way I reminisced at the exact spot of a recent rollerblading wipe out! This adventure along the Greeneway ended much better! Cache success!!! br Thanks for the hide!
  -  A pleasant but cold walk brought Jotrag and I to the cache location and a quick search produced the treasure.  Thanks!
  -  Had a nice walk to find this one.  TFTC!
  -  Enjoyed the walk.  Loved the bridge.  GPS on coordinates. br L  ILOVECATS & PAW br TFTH SL
  -  Looked and Looked and Looked.  Rich thought you may have it in for us.  Finally, when everyone else had given up, looked one more place.  Whew!  Would hate to get stumped by my friend.  Thanks for a great hide.  
  -  Got a late start Sunday afternoon and never did I think we would be FTF on this one, SL and thanks for the hide, enjoyed the walk on the Greenway
  -  Published
GC16APK: 
  name: The Connection-Georgia created by Geoholic28
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16APK&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  4 of 4 today.  We had to do the no no to drive to the cache.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle    img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle  heehee. We felt like we where in a Jeep instead of our Geowagon.  Shes as good as a jeep today!!! br FYI  The old bumpy has been polled off to vehicles. br Thanks for another hide to hunt GH28 we look forward to finishing the rest of the connection one day soon. br T  Drunners Geocoin, Bud. Racing pin, No Problem pin, and Stamp magnet. br L  Gidget Yo Guiero Taco Bell TB, a princess doll, Decision paper, and a smilie rock. br TFTH TFTC SL
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  Great cache on a nice day. TFTC T Gecko Gilberto TB  L 2006 All in one Geocoin
  -  We love driving out this way.  We actually drove very close to the cache location while exploring after finding the nearby Gorge cache weeks ago.  Great view of the water.  By the way, there are pink ribbons everywhere!  Took a geocoin, left a gecko TB, TFTC!
  -  Found it logging some for the Delorm Challange.
  -  I Drive This Road Alot Thanks For Putting A Easy Find Cache Out There...
  -  Ive been down this road alot lately!  Thanks for putting another cache down this way!  I like the drive!      
  -  Great Drive!! Thanks to Geoholic28 for giving a reason to use my truck.   p This area could use some trash out help. Im amazed at where you can find a tire. p SL TN LN TFTC
  -  Quick grab before the rain.  Parked very close. br MiniDiesel traded Hot Wheels for flashy piggy puff br TFTC SL
  -  Got a little wet in the rain but got a fast find. Took Camera and left behind a little toy that was making sounds all the way walking to the Cache...TFTH
  -  Cache was loaded with good swag. I took a socket set and a compass key chain. I left a disposable camera and a flashing piggy puffer. Be careful of rusted sharp scrap metal and broken glass in and around GZ.
  -  Doing much needed maintainance on Yellowbird. This one was too close to pass up!..Nice hide! TFTCSL.......Hoots!
  -  After a full day of yard work on the first day of vacation, we had to stick to our cache a day routine. Grabbed this one while in Augusta! TFTC!
  -  Found this one with Kyndrid.  The road was a little scary but we made it through!  TFTC!
  -  FTF!  We headed out during the night and decided to take the bumpy road.  It was a little rough at first, but got much better.  Then trying to find the cache in the dark was quite a challenge! Our geodog Beau made sure we were protected from wild critters while we searched. Very good hide and loved the prize.  Thanks!
  -  Published
GC14QN4: 
  name: The End of The Way created by Doug T and Red3Speed
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC14QN4&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  T  Rhino br L  SS Cafeteria coupon p Good find. Enjoyed the area. Picture #5 is me and my wife.
  -  great site
  -  Out doing a little caching with one of the young men in our college group at our church and had a great time. I have driven by this spot several times but had never gotten out to just walk a bit, thanks for giving me a reason to stop. SLTNLN
  -  Looked over and under, all around   finally found this guy!  Great hide! br TFTFSL br T  Counter, Booklet, Christmas Coin Travel Bug br L  Puff Ball, Flower, Hairclip, TB Fuzz 490164
  -  We found this one after a doctors visit in North Augusta.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  Actually found this one a while ago but never logged it.  Sorry  Went back today just to see what was there and so I could log it again. Wanted to take the Christmas ornament, but didnt have a good trade. Great cache!
  -  What a fun cache   thanks a ton! Foudn wtih Skippy and our little guys who loved loved loved the foot bridge.  Too bad Darth Spud was not in the cache as hes actually our tb.  Spreading the Christmas joy early this year with a Christmas ornament geocoin.
  -  Great morning cache with the4Bucks.  Loving this place.  The stream was very serene and gorgeous banks encompassed with Kudzoo.  Thanks for a super gorgeous location.  Son traded out goodies. We took a picture with the camera.  Hope it turns out good.  SKIPPY
  -  searched a little and a little more and did not find GZ br or Did I and not just see what I was looking for p 
  -  Real nice cache location.  TNLN.
  -  Heading to North Augusta for a football game and grabbing some caches on the way. Left my favorite TB to date   Darth Spud.
  -  found this one this pm after trying last couple of days...instrument acted up y day, but it was right on 2 day...took purple massager & left pink bow...RMO III, ERO, & ORO
  -  Found it on a cache run.
  -  Grabbed this one quick with the kids... good hide! T pony, jump rope, whistle L cars, ball, curious george toy. TFTC!SL
  -  Found in conjunction with friends.
  -  Liked this one! br TFTC!
  -  Enjoyed your cache DougT&Red2speed.  We love visiting the GreenWay. THANKS! br T  Lotion, Key Ring, Life is Good sticker. br L  massager, signature poker chip, jump rope and stuffed horse.   br Also, Dipped The Travel Bug Dog Tag we call Strength that we are taking to Tennessee.
  -   br  Great Find   Left pic, took out trash found on trail
  -  Half of our bunch found this one today.  T  car for Paxman and L  McDs coupon.  TFTH!
  -  Quick grab while out caching.  SL TN LN
  -  Found cache in excellant conditon.  I took the Mercury 7 and Belo Travel Bugs. Left a Pocket Blues Harmonica and 12 Hour Green Snaplight. Thanks for the fun.
  -  We are exposure 18 on the cache cam. br Took fart whistle. br Left life is Good sticker & box of matches.
  -  Nice area, I always forget that north Augusta is such a nice place. p Took the Jeep TB br Left Mercury7 TB
  -  So THATs where this trail goes!      While the others in our crew were standing around trying to decide who was going to be the one to go crawling for the cache, Mrs. Aquasled wasted no time in grabbing the goods before we even knew what was going on!  We did take a picture with the camera  indicator said 17 remaining .  TFTC!!
  -  This was my first official cache find!  I had a great time!  Unfortunately I was by myself at the time, so I took a picture only of my feet to avoid an unfocused picture of just the top of my hair or something!  Hopefully my husband will be along from now on...I need to get him hooked!
  -  Very Nice Place OF This Cache....Found With Aquasled...TNLN
  -  This was a pretty easy find. First one of the day out with my bud   Jotrag! Were exposre #22  we think 
  -  Found easily with In_the_woods at the start of an afternoon of caching...parking was interesting, but nothing like a bunch of law enforcement to make ya feel safe!!! br T N, L  smiley bracelet br I think we were exposure #22. I love the camera thing!!! Too fun!!! br Thanks! br   
  -  Found it at 1050 with Salutations and GTQ after the Aiken Cito at Langley Pond. br Ran into SCGene for the second time today, and met Channan7. br Took the USAF Airman TB  Gena son is a Senior Airman in Korea . br Thanks and Semper Fidelis.
  -  Grabbed while out with GeorgiaTreasureQuester and Llatnek! TFTC!
  -  found with salutations and llatnek. We all had a chance to find it before anyone retrieved it. Cool cache. At first I didnt see it and the bam it was right there. TFTH
  -  Found this one on a hot day.  The car thermometer said 101 F.      We found after searching all corners.  Nice Hide!  Took Donald duck TB, and Left a Red Jeep TB.  TFTC!
  -  left 2 TBs..tftc
  -  Quick grab once I got on the right side of the creek.  Picked up 2 TBs and dropped 2 coin TBs.  Met some fellow cachers while there.  Scgene and others, nice to meet you!  
  -  Very nice area I never would have found without geocaching. Parked at the parking lot and enjoyed the walk to the cache. Took the WJTB and left a TB. I believe I am #24 on the pictures.
  -  Nice hide! Took Wheres George dollar, will register it and move it along. TFTCSL...........Hoots!
  -  Took picture and signed log. br TFTC
  -  nice hide. thx for the cache.  took the blood bracelet and left some perfumed lotion.  took a pic on exp 26.
  -  Dropped off some Travel Bugs Ive had for way too long.
  -  Almost got my first to find, my gps was all over the place but finally found it, it was bout 2 pm when i found it , feels kinda good i got a second to find . tfth
  -  FTF!  I enjoyed this hide.  We were a little unsure of where to park, but we made the right decision and didnt  have far to walk.  Thanks!
  -  Published
GC10TG3: 
  name: Twin Ponds Cache created by Inkahoots
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC10TG3&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Great cache, nice location   blends right in... p Quick grab and go!  TFTC br L  Colorado Keychain
  -  Quick park and grab, remember this was thw location of the old Lakeside Diner about 30 years ago...Starting to tell my age..TNLFSL br TFTH
  -  Quick find with my wife.  Thanks
  -  Quick park and grab on the way home from work.  SL TN LN TFTC
  -  GOOD ONE HOOTS!!!!! Really Enjoyed This One...
  -  2 of the 4 Freys went on this one. We enjoyed the hide. br TFTH. SL br T Matchbox Car br L Bracelet
  -  Nice hide.  Kinda hard to grab the bottle, though.  And the last finder really screwed the lid on tight; almost thought I wouldnt be able to open it to sign the log ^_^.  TN, L sig coin.
  -  TFTC    while we were there we went to check out the old coords just to see where it was located the first time. br Have not walked down rr tracks in years and pretty neat how all those rr spikes are just laying around. br 2nd out of 5 
  -  great cache. one more off my list.  TNLN SL 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   TFTH....Kids enjoyed train passing while searching for cache.  T  nothing  L  golf tee and domino.
  -  Took some looking but perservation payed off and a look at the hint, thanks Inkahoots.
  -  Found right where it should be. br Took  Geocoin br Left  Hot Wheels car br SL TFTC. br Fajita&Shu
  -  Just got into town and dropped by for what I thought would be a quick find.  Well, I found a snake!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle and decided to move along.  It was sunning where I needed to look for the cache.  I really dont like SNAKES... and theCigarmann is not with me on this trip to flog the bushes. p I Spy More br Vicksburg, MS
  -  Last cache of the day with Skippyrich2kids.  Thanks Hoots!
  -  Our official HOOTS day in town.  Was in the neighborhood after finding several others, and decided to crack this one open.  Thanks for the scenic view.  My little guy always loves a gravel driveway for throwing rocks  and of course, the pond, is the perfect landing zone for those pebbles.  Left geosquad geocoin.  
  -  We were lucky no one was fishing today, made it easier to find. Very nice hide, took some looking! TN, left 2 tiny panda erasers and a Putt Putt token. TFTC!
  -  Nicely hidden, TFTH, I liked the location, letf a surf board took nothing although there is a nice cross chain hidden 
  -  Found it with the family.  TFTC
  -  Found with Infidel31 today. Was going to drop the Bucks geocoin, but forgot it at home. We took a while to find it, and I stumbled upon it. We had Amandas and mine GPSes, and they pointed us to the same place. TFTC.
  -  Took a while to find.  Just as we were packing it in I found it.  Took $1 and cameo pin, left Easter cross and dollar bill geocoin.
  -  Great cache found turtle carapace and largest snake I have seen in a long time.  Almost jumped out of my skin.
  -  Quick grab on this chilly and windy morning.  Two guys out fishing on a boat and I was shielded by their cars. p Thanks.
  -  I was going one way and the cache was headed the other, will return when I am on the ride side of the lakes  
  -  found it. took to times
  -  Tried again this afternoon. With the right grid coord. br able to log the find. Nice cache. I knew Id found it and not trash, by the top of the container. Thank you. Hint right on. TNLN  SL.
  -  Tried to locate twice today. GSP indicated I needed to enter the lake. No dice... Maybe next time.
  -  Nice hide thanks for the fun.  TN LN
  -  I took the Travel bug and left a Dollar
  -  2nd FOD.  Great hint,great hide.  Was able to find in 5 minutes.   I can remember when this was a happening area.  Now it is run down and needs CITO.  Caught the ponds at sunset.  Beautiful oranges reflecting on them. br T   NoNameYet TB & traded with  Plaisir,France Diabetes TB br L   Cameo Pin, & Ring. br TFTH TFTC SL p  This entry was edited by OddAngles on Wednesday, February 14, 2007 at 7 32 21 PM.  p  This entry was edited by OddAngles on Friday, March 02, 2007 at 6 14 38 PM. 
  -  I almost gave up on this one.  It is in a good hiding place.  Everytime I thought I saw what might be the cache, I realized it was just trash.  There is a lot of it there!  It is too bad that people cant clean up after themselves.  TNLNSL
  -  Due to concerns about this cache being placed too close to RR tracks, I have moved it to the other side of the pond. br It is now a quick park and grab and parking is readily available. The cache is now hidden close to the highway. Be sure to keep pets on a leash due to traffic. Thanks to all geocachers who perservered and found the first location. Sorry for the inconvenience. I especially wanted to keep this location due to many TBs that have been placed here. p The cache is located in the vicinity of two county owned ponds which have always been referred to by locals as The Twin Ponds. They are regularly visited by anglers equipped with cane poles and crickets, however some prefer worms. The cache is a plastic bottle that will hold small trade items, the log book and a small pencil..It is well hidden but should not be hard to find due to open skies which will be GPS friendly. br 
  -     Coordinates Changed From    br N 33° 26.995 W 081° 58.401 br Distance From Old  850.8 feet br Cache moved to other side of pond
  -  We did not check the website before we left for our Geocaching. Owner picked up cache before we could claim the find. We saw the indentation in the grass where it should have been. As we were walking to the cache, we were talking about it being so close to the tracks.
  -  Will remove and relocate.
  -  Temporarily disabled due to concerns about RR tracks.  E mail sent to cache owner. br 
  -  Neat hide!
  -  We enjoyed finding this cache today, but had a pretty hard time getting the goody container opened up!  We could hear that ol train whistle blowing both to and from the cache too!  We traded travel bugs and signed the log.  Thanks for this cache!
  -   WooHoo! Brainerd Bunchs 5th FTF! I imagine this one could be pretty tricky at times. Luckily, no trains came rumblin through today.  The hardest part was finding a place to park. Id recommend the little parking area NEXT to the spit of road that goes to the tracks. This was a fun find. Thanks for putting it out. We enjoyed meeting you at the meet n greet. TNSL L  No Name Yet TB TFTC! 
  -  I am launching my Unite for Diabetes in this cache.
  -  Published
