GC3CC9: 
  name: TUBE TORCHER by IndianaLee &amp; CrotalusRex 
  url: http://www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?ID=15561&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Hello to all TT fans... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle  br I am at this time TEMPORARILY DISABLING Tube Torcher. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  br This is due to major grading and possible construction at the entrance to one of the stage entrances; img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle  and the elimination of our ground cover. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle  I will keep an eye on this issue and will post another message when things change. br THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE. br     INDIANALEE
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  The Cache was definately a team effort. Tube Torchered with AngelFly & John, MonkeyBrad, Scoot the Frog, JoGPS, Southpaw, Mosestron & GrannyLani, and BBB. p This one definately lives up to its name and reputation.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  Loved every minute of it. p AWESOME!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  Thanks for taking the time to place this cache. It has been on our To Do list for a long time and now its on the Done It list.  p Better Half  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  Awesome cache, glad the whole gang was here for it.  Sorry for the late log, time just keeps getting away from me, thank you for taking the time to place this one, I enjoyed the hunt, I promise.  Found with Monkeybrad.
  -  We came to NC to do a couple of caches and we picked the right ones to do for the most fun and adventure. The gang from Tenn. had a blast, thanks for the effort to put this out
  -  Mike hits the tube too
  -   p  p  p  p  p  p  p  p  p  p  br Weve talked about this cache since we were in the area last Labor Day. Made the decision that our little group from Tennesse was ready to tackle this one. We gathered what supplies we might need in our quest and headed east for the weekend. We endured the torcher and pain and completed the mission. I tip my hat to you for the planning and execution that went to place this. This is a cache I will remember for a long time.   p  p  p  p  p 
  -  Nice multi and well worth the trip, glad we brought along enough folks to share the work load. We had the tools and we had the talent, sounds like ghost busters doesnt it. Nicely laid out from start to finish, I usually dont like multis because a stage will be missing but not this time. Thanks for the adventure.
  -  I can say that without a doubt, I would be hard pressed to tackle this cache solo.  So I didnt.  This was the first of two really fine caches I helped hunt this day.  I enjoyed the company of some really awesome folks.  Back Break Billy, Better Half, Mosestron, GranniLani, MonkeyBrad, Scoot the Frog, TwoWolves, AngelFly, JoGPS, and Southpaw.  I cant think of a better way to spend an afternoon, than with good friends doin a good cache.  Thanks for placing this one for us to hunt.  }; {  
  -  We had looked forward to doing this cache for quite some time, particularly after we realized that last Labor Day Weekend we drove all around it without realizing it was nearby.  Well, this time we came prepared, we loaded up all the equipment that we thought we might possibly need and headed to NC for the weekend.  We arrived Friday night at our dream cabin way up in the mountains near Bryson City  great choice GrannyLani , where Angelflye and TwoWolves had an excellent dinner waiting, the rest of the crew arrived and we spent our time hanging out on the deck watching the Perseid meteor shower and listening to the sounds of the night.  The next morning we were up early to raft down the Nantahala. This proved to be excellent preparation for Tube Torcher, as we got to practice teamwork, get used to cold water, and practice risking our necks.  After the river we headed into town for a huge Italian feast and ice cream at the soda shop before retiring to the cabin to relax, enjoy libations and watch old horror movies.  Sunday morning we were up for a monster mountain breakfast  thanks Scoot  and then on our way to meet BBB and BetterHalf for the trip to Tube Torcher.  Found stage one quickly and after looking at the paperwork I knew we had an adventure at hand.  On the way out we had our only real injury of the day, Scoot took a tumble on the hill and skinned her leg up, but after some stinging alcohol she was ready to keep going.  It just occurred to me that I really cant say much els about the rest of the multi, since I dont want to give anything away and ruin it for anyone else.  I will say that it just got crazier and crazier as we went, the next to last stage is just wicked.  It was also the only place where I was really concerned about getting caught.  We sought out an alternate entrance to this set of tubes and nearly stumbled over something else, that gave us a laugh later.  I am glad we did not find another way in, the cache was great the way it is set up. p What can I say, this is a great cache.  I liked the element of danger involved, this is a cache where you could get killed if things went badly wrong, but that is part of the fun.  In some parts of this quest I developed an unreasonable fear of freak sudden storms.  I kept thinking I was hearing thunder, and then I got to thinking about rising water and then I got scared.  I dont want that to sound like a bad thing, it was part of the fun of finding the cache, the fear makes it better.  I commend you on the time and effort that went into placing this one, it is one of the best multis that I have done, thanks for taking the time to place it. p Found with the rest of Team STFU, the gang from Scoot the Frog University, which this weekend included, Southpaw, JoGps, WildBill, Mosestron, GrannyLani, BackBrake Billy, BetterHalf, AngelFlye, TwoWolves and Scoot the Frog.  Thanks to you guys for another great weekend on the road, I am looking forward to ApeQuest in September.
  -  Found with the Team from Tennessee what a hoot,  the was not a cache hunt but an adventure Thanks for going to the trouble of placing the cache it was outstanding and as promised was way Tooooooooo Cool. Glad I had done Quantum Leap a few weeks before in Texas it was great training for this one.  left my signature Cache In Trash out Tote and took nothing but a smile Heee Heee …..   JOE    p PS     our next great adventure will be the middle of September when we fly to Chicago and Baltimore to find the two APE caches on the same weekend.  br 
  -  Whoo Hooo! My 4000th cache find! br What a story for a great weekend! Started the weekend off with a great whitewater trip down the Nantahala river with a great group of friends then its on to try our hand at this great cache. It is all that others have said it would be! We were looking for high adventure this weekend and we sure found it in North Carolina! br Thanks for all the time and efforts in setting up this great cache!  br The crew  Me  BBB , Better Half, JoGps, Mosestron, Grannylani, Southpaw, Angelfly and hubby John, WildBill, Scoot the Frog and the Great MonkeyBrad!  br This was one of the greatest caching adventures we have had and we were glad we had our great friends along to share the adventure, it was truly a team effort! br Thanks for the great cache! br BBB p  This entry was edited by BackBrakeBilly on Tuesday, August 16, 2005 at 9 56 03 PM. 
  -  I found this cache some time ago and now I’m logging the mileage on my personal GeoCoin.
  -  Just dropping off a virtual TB
  -  Dropping off a virtual TB who wants to visit caches like this one!!
  -  Been wanting to do this cache for a little while now. We were vacationing from Florida in Tennessee when we got a call from our good friends, the Lehigh Mafia. They were caching in North Carolina and invited us to meet them for this one. We worked out the logistics and at the end of the week, drove across Tennessee to North Carolina to rendevous with the Mafia. br   We started fresh the next morning after a really stormy night and before we could reach stage 1, here came more rain. Oh well, were not turning back now! We made it to stage 1 and had to make a choice. Which one? Of course, we picked the wrong one! Now we have to try the other one. Gee, got enough spiders in here? Anyway, we got what we needed and took off for stage 2. This one was camoflaged so well that we passed it up and had to backtrack 50 feet. Yes, its still raining! Ok, on to stage 3. The Boy from the Mafia and myself elected to do this one while the others acted as lookouts and employed a contingency plan for nosey muggles. It worked! More spiders on this one, a brown widow in particular. Upon returning from this stage, we had the distinct pleasure of meeting Indiana Lee who stopped by to chat for a few minutes. Then we took off for stage 4. After a wrong path and a couple of dangerous close calls, we were hot on the trail. This time The Boy, Recon Ranger, and myself volunteered for this one. Guess what? More spiders  this time harmless, I think . We found what we needed and began making our way back to the others. This was when I realized the benefits of being physically fit, and wished that I was! Slowly rejoined the others for a quick breather, then on to stage 5. Once again, The Boy and I took on this challenge. And once again, spiders, this time a black widow. This one took a little time locating everything, but soon we were on our way to meet up with the others once again. As we began our exit, I placed my arm into a spider web in the darkness. Knowing what spider species we had already seen here, I didnt stick around very long to see what wanted to greet me. After returning to the group and bearing down on the final stage, we hear from The Godfather over our two way radio. It seems that he and Recon Ranger had gone exploring while myself and The Boy were on stage 5. Anyway, we were approximately 60 feet from the final when The Godfather radios that he and Recon Ranger have just stumbled upon it by dumb luck! Oh well! We traded out some things and signed the log. Indiana, thanks for the awesome hunt. It was a pleasure meeting you and hunting this cache. Thank you to the Mafia for inviting us to do this cache with them. Hey,The Boy, I meant what I said. We can be cache partners anytime! We had a blast! p                                         Confederate Rebel br                                         formerly Hard Dog  br                                            Team Oorah p  This entry was edited by Team OORAH on Monday, August 08, 2005 at 4 36 07 AM. 
  -   font face comic sans ms Tackled this one with Team OORAH. It was the Boy all the way on this one. Many thanks to The Grunt from Team OORAH for being the Boys Safety eye. This is one crazy cache. We have nothing like this down here in Florida. Thanks for putting together this cache for everyone to enjoy.  br Took...Glowstick br Left...Rubber Ducky Keyring br &      Tiggypet TB, Clyde the Rat TB & Only a 2005 Geocoin p Thanks for the Hunt br  b The Homing Pigeon  b 
  -   font face comic sans ms Worked Tube Torcher into our Annual 2005 Mafia Get A Way.. What can we say about Tube Torcher that already hasnt been said??  p So we will just give you the Executive Summary... p  b Start Time 0915  b   Met Up with Team OORAH   b * Weather Condition 100% RAIN br Completion Time 1615 * Weather Condition Overcast  b  br Time   7 Hours  Including a Pigeon Refueling & A Wal Mart Stop  br  b Number of Scarey Moments 2  b    #1   Sink Hole Vs The Boy The Boy Won  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  , #2   When the Godfather Pulls a Full Gainer into a Rock Filled Pond  The Godfather Pulls Through  br  b Number of Spiders Seen  b    Too Many to Count br  b Number of Bruises, Scratches & Cuts  b    Way More Than Needed br  b Number of Wrong Turns  b    Only 1 Baby.. The Boy Took over the Lead at this Point br  b Number of Team Members to do Ever Stage  b    1 Dare Devil 15 year Old.. Go Boy, Go br  b Number of Times Law Enforcement Showed Up  b    1 Dang it Wolfey, Where are you? Hey IndianaLee Wolfey is Yours Now  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p  br Found all Stages in Great Condition.. Even Got a Visit From IndianaLee Himself and a Picture  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle .. One of the Best and Thought Out Cache We Have Done.. Many Thanks to IndianaLee and CrotalusRex for Putting Together this Awesome Cache.. p  b ***Important Note***  b Even Though We Did this Cache During a Light Rain.. Neither We, IndianaLee or CrotalusRex Recommend doing this Cache Before, During or After any Rain.. We Took Ever Safety Precaution  ie  Climbing Harness and Gear .. We Used all the Recommended Equipment Thoughout the Entire Cache.. p Thanks for this Awesome Hunt br  b Lehigh Mafia  b 
  -  Dropping off a virtual TB. p MC
  -  I had been looking forward to this experiecne for quite a while. Just was waiting for a group experience on this one.  I met up with slickrick and LRC91 and KManRN to go through the punishment together.  I had met slickrick previously and was glad to get to know him better as well as LRC91.  Kman and I grew up together but have just started caching together and had mentioned this cache to him just after introducing him to caching.  He mentioned he would love to come if the opportunity arose and thanks to slickricks enthusiasm to do this one. Here we are. p We started out around 9 00 on an overcast day but rain held off until we were  thankfully  finished.  It did pay to have 4 sets of eyes and 4 brains on this one.  Slickrick had read through this cache thoroughly and brought a potential mistake to our attention.  I had not read the logs on the cache and after this one section definitely paid more attention.  I have always been one to jump first and when it did not work out go for the details. I just put in  my 2 cents worth and was happy to contribute where I can.   Brawn not brains is my motto  In all it took us just under 5 hours to do but that was with lunch and a lot of chatting at the sights.  We did get to know each other on this cache and do believe there should be more caches like this one.  Quality! Quality! Quality! p I do want to thank you for putting on a wonderful cache that did take some drive to complete. Thanks again for a wonderful Cache experience and also wanted to thank my caching partners for the day KManRN, SlickRick and LRC91 for a great day. p  
  -  Wow!!!  What an experience!  First, a BIG thank you to those who obviously spent a great deal of time developing such an extensive cache!!  Your effort has provided a very challenging and fun cache for those who are looking for an adventure! p I am fairly new to the sport of Geocaching and was invited on this hunt by Mr PBJ.  We met up with LRC91 and Slickrick at the starting point.  I enjoyed not only a great hunt, but also some good fellowship along the way!  Not being the greatest at THROUGHLY reading directions before jumping in, I was very glad to have done this as a group!  Four brains and eight eyes proved very beneficial on this one!   Knee pads are also a must for part of this hunt as well!   Once victory was at hand, I did take a Jeep TB and signed the log.  Thanks again for a great hunt!
  -  WOW!!! That wasnt a just a cache, it was a true adventure.  First and foremost THANK YOU!!! For all the hard work and many hours this cache must have taken to set up.  We are still trying to figure out how you knew such places even existed.  I can only hope to create such a cache in my life time.  The essential items for any who follow are knee pads, gloves, and a QUALITY head light I found that the LED lamps worked better and didnt have to worry about the blub or batteries going on you   I cant see how any other cache adventure could top this one.  The main difficulty here is making sure you read, understand and follow directions thoroughly.  Luckly I was able to help my group avoid a mistake by doing so.  As LRC91 mentioned the final cache container did have quite a bit of water in it so please be sure to replace the cache back exactly as you found it, this side up.  Also this is NOT a single person cache, nor for kids say under 10.  If you cant crawl in confined spaces this may not be for you. flexibility is helpful.  The main thing is TAKE YOUR TIME.  Even this fat man did every task but I had to pace myself.  p For this journey we went in as a foursome, Mike, Kenny, Kevin and myslef.  There are safety in numbers and they did have to assist me getting out of one of the tubes.  Thanks Kevin.  I had met Kevin before, I caught him going after a cache of mine while I was checking it.  His buddy Kenny seemed very nice also and it was great getting to know them better and Mike is a great guy I work with and whom I helped get addicted to this great hobby.  When TT2 comes out I hope we can get together again to search for it.  Also what was that smell in the tube, oh yeah sorry about that. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   Thanks for the Hunt.  Took BIG light stick left TB Signed the Log p  This entry was edited by Slickrick on Friday, July 08, 2005 at 5 16 04 AM. 
  -  Unbelievable! SlickRick and I picked up 2 micros and a location less cache on the way to the Tube Torcher parking coordinates this morning. We meet Kevin and Kenny at the parking spot. We started the day as two teams that knew of each other but didn’t know each other and ended the day as comrades in arms. When you go through a cache like this you gain a whole new respect for not only the people you are with but also the people that have come before you and the people that took the time to plan and implement such an elaborate caching experience. Thank you sincerely IndianaLee & CrotalusRex for all the challenges and the fun you gave us today. When we finally made it to the last location we were all very excited. We didn’t find the snake until after we found the cache. It had been misplaced. There was a lot of water in the cache but for the most part it was OK. After signing the logbook and making our trades we drained out the water and followed the directions for replacing the cache. Thanks again for the fun. It may take a few days to recuperate but we are looking forward to Tube Torcher 2.  
  -  A 5 1 2 yr old does your 4.5 cache but this is a leg stretch..... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Started cool, then too easy, then cool!  Nicely done and fun exploration.  Id been told of this one since its like one of mine,  a href http   www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?guid 96b87eef 9e0c 4d30 8701 51dafd20c582 target _blank The straw that broke the cachers back...,  a  and figured since I was headed to the Caving convention in AL, swinging by here on my way to friends in Knoxville was in order. p Folks end up sore after doing mine and I was hoping for a similar challenge but no such luck.  The exploration however was a blast and more varied...  Absolutely delightful and quite fun!  Sweet...   Of course I followed it at the convention by spending 5 hours underground two days later, Tuesday nearly 2 hours, Thursday a couple more and Friday another 5.   Doing this cache required none of the gear save a couple lights and I didnt even get my feet wet!  Heh..   I come out of caves cleaner than most too.   Thanks for the pleasant leg stretch after spending a couple days in the car and another couple on my way!    Randy p  br 
  -  First and foremost I’d like to thank IndianaLee & CrotalusRex for putting this enormous cache together.  Your planning and time is most certainly evident. For any cacher seeking a challenge to quench the thirst for a great hunt this should be on your to do list if it is not already.   p We started relatively early with a dry forecast...later on we would see why this is so important.   p Our early stages went by rather quickly.  I appreciate you Bob for recognizing my bullheaded nature in wanting to complete tasks and your patience for waiting even when we had what we needed to move on. p The absolute highlight was the white jeep and I’m not talking the travel bug version.  I was certain we would be interrogated if we had been seen again in this general area.  Generally I am not at a loss but there was little I could do to save Bob from the barrage of questions as to his “interesting equipment” aka headlamp the size of a flood light at mid day.  I’m certain security at Biltmore was placed on high alert since “we’re figuring out where to go next...maybe the Biltmore House”.  Our little friend didn’t know what to say to that response and I near bout thought I’d burst out laughing.   With a questionable look, our friend left and in my mind that in and of itself is a pure miracle...and I made Bob promise from that point forward to let me do the talkin. p We went on about our tasks and my heart now raced from fear of being spotted again.  I now have a new appreciation for the term “stealth”. p I truly thought initially Bob was kidding about his inability to get turned around near the end.  Soon I learned he wasn’t.  When I returned to where he was ... my getting out proved to be a slight task but I was comin outta there no matter what.  As I did, I noticed some blood droplets and after reading past logs upon my return home I wonder now if they belonged to someone who came before me.   p To reach the end was great and this cache is just outstanding...mere words will never do it justice...never in a million years.  Bring on TT Part II!   p Had to laugh at my exchange.  I brought a WJTB just for the occassion...but there was already one there.  So Les..I took your WJTB from the WNC event  and exchanged it for my Eastern NC WJTB.    p Flame on..and long live the Tube.
  -  We did it! We did it! p We had no problem with the early stages.  I found its OK for a guy to ask directions.  But the stages seemed to get progressively more difficult and trickier as we went on. p Near the end, we had a run in with a security guard in a white SUV. She was convinced we were up to something. Might have had something to with the fact I was wearing a big headlamp in broad daylight. The guard finally left and disappeared around the end of the row. Then I spotted her spying on us from a distance. We left too and found a more discreet place to park. Afterwards, Carlette said to let her tell the stories. p I think the last stage before the final was the toughest. Height is not an advantage there. I couldnt turn around and make the move needed to descend into the pit. I would have gotten stuck and might still be there. Carlette pushed on and fetched the information needed for the final. p Now that we are done, I am still having flashbacks. Thanks for the best. This is the classic that has spun off so many imitators. e.g. GCP7VQ. p 
  -  bug drop
  -  When you have an adventure in life such as this AWESOME cache takes you thru, you simply dont look at things the same.  This is the most well thought out and most rewarding cache Ive ever done.  Many thanks for the obvious hard work you put into this one.  Will there be a sequel?  I cant imagine what it would entail if so.  It took DMFlyer and I 3 trips to get it complete due to weather and time constraints but it was worth every mile and minute spent.  Took Leatherman tool Left wjtb, gps laynard and a couple of other items that slip my drained mind at the moment.
  -  WoooHoo ! #1300 for me. br This one took us three trips but we finally made it. A little wet, sweaty and dirty, but we made it.  br L  Gladiator DVD, Light stick. br T  Dozer, USAF Keychain, Green Gator bottleopener p Great series of steps, near the end we were wondering where all those tube go !  p Looking forward to doing TT2
  -  Well what can I say that hasnt already been said?  This was far different from the caches Ive done to date, this one was really like a game, hey thats what it is, right? br Arrived from Murphy around `10 30am and as always didnt read the info enough and took a little while to get going, after that went good, I did draw some blood, brairs  and some abrasions, made some wrong decisions but still finished with energy to spare, I think it was around 4 00 with lunch included, only encountered crickets and the guys in white cars, was not wet until the end and I jumped the gun a little and went where I shouldnt have, this was a blast, I say TT 2 go for it. br tnlnsl Its really full. br p.s. I went solo on this!  p  This entry was edited by mxfox on Friday, August 05, 2005 at 6 34 01 AM. 
  -  Well, ditto everything that Archidad & Mudkat said ... except for the part about being old. Instead, were young and tired and we hurt all over. The cache was a great experience, and I think we all did a lot of things that we never imagined wed do. I only wish wed saved this one for our last cache ever ... now all the piddly little caches we do are going to seem boring and mundane!    We cant wait for a sequel! p We left a whole bagful of stuff, but I mustve misplaced my list of the things we left. Heres what I remember, and there may or may not be more  floating keychain, bug repellant kit, poison ivy oak kit, pedometer, alligator keychain, gecko keychain, A Really Good Travel Bug, and that may have been it. We thought wed give the next people a little reward. We signed the log, but didnt take anything but a great experience and some fabulous photos. p Thanks for the cache!
  -  What a weekend! We had agreed with Josh and Kati to work our finds up to 99 and then tackle TT together for a memorable 100. We started out about 8am on a beautiful Saturday morning with high energy and anticipation. We chose wrong, chose right, stopped for doughnuts, enjoyed some more adventure, had Mexican food GCJH5D , explored some more, raining now , went shopping, explored deeper, dodged some junior muggles peering in holes shouting anybody in there? while not expecting an answer. We could have really messed with them but chose to stay hidden. , went for coffee  wet, tired, sore and scratched , found the next step..... it was now 4pm and pouring rain. We felt it would be safer to return on Sunday morning for our big finish. We got to the site about 10am and easily finished the last leg. br Were old and tired and we hurt all over, but what a great experience. THANK YOU for all the hard work in setting this up. Everything was well thought out and well marked and easy to find if you could find the right place to look. br Took   plastic tackle box and $5.   Left   Multi tool and pocket knife. Also left Ding A Ling TB. br Note to people who follow   this is an extrordinary, adult adventure and deserves a quality reward at the end. Dont let it get filled up with Happy Meal Toys. br 
  -  damn   i cant believe i was this close to tube torcher and didnt know it!! drove down to north carolina, georgia and then south carolina to nab the last of the south eastern states i didnt have before moving back up to massachusetts on the 16th. i thought about looking to see where this one was, but for some reason thought it was closer to the east coast then it actually was, so i didnt bother. and while logging caches today i noticed just how insanely close i was. *sigh* and after all that talk about possibly doing this one after geowoodstock!! argh! oh well, perhaps another day! p neko br the white diamond pirates br lexington, ky.
  -  Hello all!!   br Please check out the forums on Groundspeak for the topic... br I need your input!  Contimplating a sequel......!!! br This is directly related to a possible Tube Torcher 2..... I am checking to see what kind of interest there would be in another, but am waiting to see if it is worth it! Let me know!!!  CHECK IT OUT!!!   THANKS!!! IndianaLee
  -  One Word..... WOW!   After learning that I had chosen poorly one the first clue I was able to find most of the clues as easily as can be expected. I got to the last tube and said to the people that were with me, You have to be kidding me!! but it was true!! This was one of the best Caches I have done!  only got a little cut up and scraped.  How did you guys find these spots!!   SL  took the D and D CD left $2 and change that had not fallen out of my pockets on the last tube!!  TFTC
  -  Well, we heard this was tough, but we felt we just had to give it a try. After climbing up, down, in and out, the words Why are we doing this? kept popping up in our discussion of the next move. We chose poorly at times and even crawled about fifty yards in an area that is not even a part of the hunt. There was alot of whoopin and hollerin when it was all over.  br It IS tough. We think it should be rated higher. Were really proud of ourselves and think everyone should give it a try.  
  -  Well DMflyer and I started on this one today.  As those of you in Asheville know, there was a heavy rain and then a torrential rain that hit this afternoon.  Just before the first one we were starting on the 4th stage and it would not have been safe to have went for it.  The water flow was relatively low and all at once it was gushing out at full force.  We plan on completing our mission following the event in Asheville.  A full report will follow when we complete the cache.
  -  Your cache has finally been crashed by TEAM HIKERMAN! p Picked this one up where we left off back in 2002.  Glad we didnt have the same difficulties this time as we had then.  We have to say that this is a great cache.  You definitely get pushed to the limits at every stage.  Every time you think you are coming to the end, you end up having to go just a little bit further than you expected.  All stages are very well laid out and the thought and planning that went into setting this one up is incredible.  Especially liked stages four and five.  These areas cover a lot more area than we could imagine upon entering.  Traveling light, we didnt have anything to leave, so we just took the travelbug to help it move along as well as a lot of good, fun memories.  Thanks for the work that went into this one and giving us such an excellent adventure.  And by the way, any future seekers need to beware the HUGE snake we found guarding the final stage.  We had thought, at first, that CrotalusRexs icon had possibly come to life.  Definitely made us choose a different route.
  -  What an awsome cache!  It took myself, my wife, and our friend Dan about 6 1 2 hours all in total to complete, but we had more than our share of setbacks.  I really liked the path I had to take for location three.  Location 4 and 5 were awsome, but we had to do a lot of dodging the man in white.  We actually put off on doing the final coordinates for almost an hour because of this.  We went and got some refreshing beverages and walked around for a while.  I have some great photos, but for some reason forgot to bring the camera on the fifth location.  Oh well. br We were on vacation from Upstate NY and staying in Charleston, SC, so we pretty much made a day out of this one cache.  It was great.  Thanks a lot for the adventure.
  -  What a cache.  Took Citty and I 3 1 2 hours to complete.  Weather was perfect.  Coords were right on.  Of course I choose poorly so I had to do more climbing than was necessary.  I love the layout of this cache.  I could tell a lot of time and effort were put into the design, and it paid off. The best cache Ive ever done so far.  Well done. Left a TB, Took a TB. SL.  Thanks.
  -  I just have to say WOW... This was the best workout i have had in a long Time.. It took me, Mr.Loggerhead and Blindreff 4.5 hours to complete.. If they would have listen to me the first time it would of only taken about 4 hours but NO One Ever Listens to a Baby Loggerhead..They learned their lesson the hard way.. Throughout the cache things kept getting smaller and tricker.. I loved the way the clues were labeled and all the new places i got to explore..After Blindreff pointed out that i had a hole in the butt of my pants i kinda felt weird about crawling around with my butt up in the air but i had to keep on trucken, we were almost there.. Having short legs did give me some trouble Thank God i had 2 very strong men to pick me up and put me back on track.haha.This has got to be one of the Best Caches. Thanks.. Took The Missing Link TB to take with me to the April Fools 2005 event.. Also took a  wooden puzzle and left a WG $...
  -  WOW, What can I possible say that hasnt been said before. We came   Loggerhead, Babby Loggerhead  and myslef up from the flatlands to do this cache. We probably picked the mosr perfect day to do this as the weather was wonderful. br But thats not to say we didnt have any problems, as we did. p First clue  I found out that short legs doesnt help here at all. But luck would have it we did choose correctly.  br   br Second clue. Loggerhead time to get a nose bleed, and he also found out that short legs was a curse. p Third clue Was under the watchful eye of the telephone repair man here. A quick in and out and we were on our way to the next clue...BAD Judjement here as we later heard several times from Babbylogger head... p Fourth Clue  We only had 1 2 of what we needed here but made a educated guess.. Flunked this part so back to clue three. p Fourth Clue again  Now we are ready to do some serious tubing and boy did it get to be fun from here. I loved this part but wished I had brought knee pads.. Still wondering what kind of car I was looking at. Oh love the way you guys label things, very nice !!! p Fifth Clue  Dodge the white truck as we was looking at the X . Only thing here was the short legs and fat tummys from lunch. Nice twist on backtracking. A lot of fun to be had here also. Always wonder what it was like in this kind of park. p CACHE  What can I say here? Great container loaded with great stuff to drool over after a great cache. I did take the Brianski Tb and left part of a Where George Bill. p After thought  Busted head, sore legs, brused arm, scraped knees, lots of briars scratched for doing the educated guess.Missing skin from back, angles, elbows. Would I do it again, YES but maybe this time at night to add to the excitement. And we saw no critters or encounter water over knee deep. That is except Loggerhead at the educated guess.. br Thanks for a great afternoon of caching and I phrase you on  job well done. br BlindReff p  This entry was edited by BlindReff on Tuesday, March 22, 2005 at 2 39 44 PM. 
  -  After completing 24 other caches in the area this morning along with 2 DNFs we grabbed a bite to eat and headed off to tackle this one! My description, although trying to be brief as not to give spoilers may contain some! DONT LOOK AT PHOTOS! SPOILERS FOR SURE! p Luckily I had my daughter Baby Loggerhead  and Blindreff along with me on this one! p After finding the Corn Fed Twin Towers, Blindreff jumped at the chance to conquer the first tower.  After obtaining the worksheet we headed to the second stage!  This one was mine!  p 2 down, 3 to go! p At stage three we did the stupid thing! We thought we had it all! Baby Loggerhead encouraged us to go deeper but why bother, right? p Well after arriving at the location for stage 4, we realized that we didnt get everything!  This cost us a good 45 minutes, me being soaked up to my, well you know, and several dozen I told you so from Baby Loggerhead but we headed back and took care of business! p Now back to Stage 4! Found these pretty quickly and not much water! Neat, neat idea! p Stage 5 was a challenge for us vertically challenged individuals.  Not so much going in, but coming out! I thought I was going to have to pop out of the parking lot somewhere to get out! I had to back out the last section because of my entry! p Finally made it and headed for the reward!  Found it in short order after a few run in with briars! Briars WON!!! p I must say that this cache ranks right up there with the best! The most physical Ive done so far for sure! p Every stage, clue, etc. was worked out to perfection!  Dittos for a GREAT JOB guys! Very well done!!!! p Took the Fishing Buddy TB and we left a group Wheres George $5.00. p Now, It MILLER TIME!
  -  You guys live up to your names! This was the most enjoybable day of caching for me. Started by doing Down the Rabbit Hole then yours. Had a great gourmet lunch in between 2nd and 3rd leg. Got some coords mixed up and had to call Ozguff to get us started back on right trail. Bought the $10 Shateboard at K Marts and found the cache in the snow at 9 00pm. I mean, you guys took caching to the limits and We loved it! T Mini knife and left roll electrical tape.
  -  WOW!! What a trip. Took 9 hours and found at 9PM in the snow and 31 degrees. Couldnt have done it without a little help and encouragement from THE MASTER. We did this one with rods&ropes. The first 2 were a breeze for us experienced climbers. Had our gear but didnt need it. Soloed up the tubes with no problem. A break here for a late lunch. Tazclimber are members of Biltmore Baptist Church and the church has a restaurant open to the public. Friday is seafood day so what else could we do but go there. We would highly recommend the crablegs, poached salmon,fried flounder, iced shrimp, and seafood caserole. And of course if you are really hungry there are vegetables to go along with them and salad and cake and pie. Sorry NO beer or Wine. They are Baptist.  At no 3 taz F  and ropes waded through the mud and water to get the points. Ropes got them and then maybe not correct. At no 4 we actually visited the final without seeing it we were off a bit so with a little help from THE MASTER we got back on track and the unemployed drifter taz M  scooted into the tube for the clues. Then to K Mart for the skate board for no 5. At no 5 taz M  was elected, coerced, threatened, cajoled, promised great thimgs from taz F  and other things from r&r to take the ride into the dark for the final clues. While he was wading barefoot through the icy waters the others warmed it in the car watching the snow cover the world! He of course had read of others losing valuable clues from being dropped into the water so he was EXTRA careful not to drop any of the papers. Of course the snow pouring through the overhead grates was NOT accounted for. So a little smearing of the clues was encountered. Then too something was recorded WRONG. Of course we went the wrong way and there was BUBBA waiting for us in front of his  house in the dark and cold and snow. SPOILER WARNING! Dont drive up Possum Trot road. Went back to the wrong place, searched the wrong tubes behind Bubbas house in the snow and briers and dark. So, back to THE MASTER for the third time. of course the celll phone battery died at the crucial point and everything went dead. I CANT HEAR YOU NOW. Finally got the right info and taz F  and ropes GOT IT. With a little searching of course. This is a MUST DO for any serious cacher. Thanks for the hunt would like to see more like this. br T flashlight and dollar br L Missing Link TB, PMRR keychain and memorial flyer. 
  -  Im planning on attempting this cache next week, however I have a quick question for those who have already found it.  My group will be driving a few hours to get there, and are assuming that we would not be able to start the cache until early evening.  Ive heard conflicting views on whether or not this cache can should be completed at night, so if you have any advice on that subject, without giving away too much on the cache, feel free to contact me. p Edit   For others wondering the same thing, several finders replied and said that it can be done at night, however, its important to have the required gear and to be sure to keep hidden from muggles. p  This entry was edited by Sallad on Friday, March 18, 2005 at 7 53 46 AM. 
  -  OK, it took a while to straighten out the confusion behind this Fishing Buddy TB, but now hes being logged back in action, and into this cache. The owner thought he was missing, but we found him and left him here.  Welcome back Fishing Buddy!    
  -  Part 3, Katydid, continued  br There is an aspect to this cache that we messed up.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle   After all we went through, we ended up not knowing the final coords!!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle   More advice to heed  Pay Attention!!!  And dont get your instructions wet, as this makes them hard to read!!!   p We ended up taking a few guesses as to the final location, and wound up unknowingly on private property.  We were mistakenly in a mans country dirt road driveway and as he backed up his car coming right at us  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  all I could think of was a scene from Deliverance  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle  did he have a shotgun I wondered?  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   After that, we decided to head toward the library to re read the logs and see if it would help us piece together the missing pieces.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle  No such luck.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  It came down to two choices, phone a friend, or go back and repeat the last stage.  What would you do?  Thankfully, first Ozguff  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  and then Indiana Lee  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  went out of their way to reach us and help us out...even though I had emailed the wrong cell number!!!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_clown.gif border 0 align middle   True heroes, and great guys!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  I wasnt even sure wed be able to reach either, much less get such a quick response from both.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_kisses.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_kisses.gif border 0 align middle    thats from KD, not MS      br Given the conditions we faced, we were not in any frame of mind to repeat the adventure, although we both decided we definitely would have, rather than post a DNF, if it came down to it.  p I would definitely encourage anyone thinking about it to do this cache.  br For us, it was an ultimate adventure!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  p And next time were in the area  High Water!   p  br  This entry was edited by Katydid & Miles Stone on Saturday, March 19, 2005 at 10 26 40 PM. 
  -  Part 2, Katydid, continued  br Anyway, the day finally came.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   We originally thought that maybe this would align with our 400th find, but I think it was more like 415 or so, as we had found many in the Raleigh and Charlotte areas earlier in the week  still trying to catch up with logging .  We started out early, and did a few local micros to warm up, while I tried to let the caffeine wake me up.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sleepy.gif border 0 align middle   In addition to the TT, there are a wealth of dash n caches in the area.  Now, those that know us, know that Miles doesnt need any extra boost to get him going in the morning, as he is the early bird that eats alot of FTFs in our area.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  But me, on the other hand, am the night owl.  Miles assured me that once we got started, it wouldnt take long for the adrenaline kick in and get me going, and of course, he was right.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  br   br Arriving at the first stage  now 8 30 am  the scene had me recalling a spoiler picture I peeked at unintentionally...heed the warning about the pics...there are alot of spoiler pics!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle   We both knew what the task was, and like a good cheerleader, I stayed with both feet planted firmly on the ground, cell in hand, ready to call 911.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle  Thankfully, it was not necessary, as my hero completed the task...after we made the the first wrong choice, of course.   br   br By the time we got to stage 3, I knew it was my turn to get more involved.  Id have to say even though the later stages were more physically demanding, this one definately created some anxiety for me.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  br   br Its really hard to write a good log on this cache without giving too much away, and so much has already be given away.   p Lets just say that the remainder was filled with twists and turns, excitement and anxiety, thrills and spills, and yes, water, mud, minor injuries, and cold!!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  It had rained the night before and at one point we were wading through knee deep water  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  or at least it was knee deep on me.  Funny, I practically didnt mind at that point.  After all, we had already come so far, and I was already wet.  However, the amount of water and the noise at one point did leave me a bit uneasy.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle   I remember looking at Miles and asking Do you think its safe?.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shy.gif border 0 align middle   Again, heed the warnings about trying this after the rain...thats all I can say.   br   br I will also say, however, that I never really felt truly endangered, although any more water and it couldve gotten uglier.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle   Additionally, we never even used the rope we brought.  Fools or risk takers  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle  Try it for yourself, and you be the judge!   br I did, as MS noted, have a few scary and doubtful moments, personally.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   Ahhh, but in the end, it makes the reward all the more satisfying!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle     br   br 
  -  From Miles Stone   This was indeed a challenging adventure that took us places we never imagined.  Not wanting to spoil your adventure with details, re consider this adventure if you have any of these   ablutophobia, acarophobia, acerophobia, achluophobia, acrophobia, aeroacrophobia, aerophobia, agateophobia, agliophobia, agoraphobia, agrizoophobia, agyrophobia, aichmophobia, altophobia, amathophobia, amaxophobia, amychophobia, anablephobia, anemophobia, anginophobia, antlophobia, arachnephobia, arithmophobia, asthenophobia, astraphobia, asymmetriphobia ataxiophobia, atychiphobia, automysophobia, autophobia, bacillophobia, bacteriophobia, basiphobia, bathmophobia, bathophobia, batophobia, batrachophobia, blennophobia, cainophobia, catapedaphobia, chronomentrophobia, claustrophobia, cleisiophobia, cleithrophobia, decidophobia, dermatopathophobia, dinophobia, dromophobia, dystychiphobia, entomophobia, eosophobia, helminthophobia, hemaphobia, herpetophobia, hydrophobia, hygrophobia, kenophobia, kinesophobia, kopophobia, kyphophobia, metathesiophobia, microbiophobia, misophobia, necrophobia, olfactophobia, ombrophobia, ophidiophobia, panophobia, panthophobia, parasitophobia, polyphobia, ponophobia, potamophobia, ranidaphobia, rupophobia, sciaphobia, scoleciphobia, seplophobia, stasibasiphobia, stenophobia, taphephobia, thanatophobia, topophobia, traumatophobia, tropophobia or verminophobia.  p A couple of the many memorable highlights in our adventure     p Katydid had a challenging task and was position above me. I cant do it, I cant do it! she said frantically.  She was already halfway there.    br Poised ready to catch her if she failed, I said, Commit, commit! She made it!  p More detailed directions are provided at the start of your journey.  At one particular strenuous point in our trek, I dropped a critical part of ther directions in some water.  The ink is water soluble   a lack of these directions will complicate your situation.  p Took  TB Topper, TB Get your goat, coin; left  Fishing Buddy, TB Brianski, Firts Aid Kit.  Thanks for a truly great adventure! p From Katydid    p First let me say that if I can do this, then you can too!  I am far from peak physical condition, and I am also terribly afraid of heights, but was still able to complete this with a good partner.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle     p I have wanted to do this cache since I first found out about it a couple of years ago.  Since we have family in Charlotte just a couple of hours away, the opportunity finally arose, and Miles and I were both game!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  We hoped to talk some of our local New Englanders into coming along, but there were no takers  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  so it was just the two of us.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_kisses.gif border 0 align middle  br   br When we told our 10 year old son about what we were going to undertake, he asked Why would you do that for a cache?.  Well son, its like this...your Mom and Dad are crazy.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  br No, but seriously, you do have to ask yourself what the motivation is when you attempt something so out of the ordinary, and physically challenging to boot.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle   For me, it is a test of stamina.  And of course, the reward, which is the feeling of accomplishment you gain from completing a challenge, whether mental or physical.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  And this was both mental and physical.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  br   p    br          br              br   br   p  p  This entry was edited by Katydid & Miles Stone on Tuesday, March 01, 2005 at 11 43 35 AM.  p  This entry was edited by Katydid & Miles Stone on Thursday, March 03, 2005 at 9 11 22 PM. 
  -  Wow!  What a cache.  This one lived up to all my expectations.  Unlike, Medic208, I dont mind ladders, as long as I have the right equipment.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   The first two stages went pretty quick except for having to go back to stage 1 after stage 2 because I had dropped my cell phone there!  Off to stage 3 where we made quick work.  I managed, however, to sink a foot into mud above the ankle!  Stage 4 took a while because we kept going back to the car for more equipment but we finally prevailed.  At stage 5, one of my flashlights went dead!  Good thing I had brought two!  Stage 5 was awesome. Just keep going and going until you find everything.  For the last stage, we approached it from completely the wrong way and ended up going through large thorn bushes.  We were a bit confused at one point, thinking we should do one thing, but a quick search of the area led us to the correct location.  We spent a while looking at the stuff in the cache  after all that, wouldnt you too!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  .  I left a bulldozer and an ambulance and grabbed The Graduate TB.  He wants to go visit universities and weve got 3 world class ones in the Triangle area. p Like John says, if youre thinking of doing this cache, DO IT!  Its well worth the experience.   p Thanks for a great adventure.
  -  Well... what can I say other than WOW! This is the best cache I have found to date! I found this cache w  3 others from SC, and 2 from the Triangle. We started at about 9 am. At One of the stages  we encountered HUGE mud puddles nearby. As the day went on, It just keeps getting better and better! Luckily, the local rent a cops were on a doughnut break so we didnt have to worry about getting busted near the end! We were able to find all of the clues here and now its time for the final stage... wow I am tired! After taking the LONG way around to get to the location, we made it... sort of... Lets just say we almost made this stage a lot harder than what was needed. But after 4 hours we made it  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  YAY!!! I left the SCUBA travel bug and took a TB. All in all it was a great day; I found about 25 more after this and watched the sunset while finding Troglodytic Visitation! Cool! Thanks for the great caches! ~Doug p  This entry was edited by medic208 on Sunday, March 20, 2005 at 10 09 49 AM. 
  -  medic208, lovelace, and I were the aforementioned trio of RTP cachers.  p I originally had a lot of trepidation about trying to do this because of the physical requirements.  Oh my god, I was not wrong. Lets just say I wouldve logged this yesterday, but I couldnt move, and I didnt even do the hardest section.    p I felt more like I was sort of following along for the ride.  But wow.  How cool. p I cannot emphasize enough the utility of a skateboard or of taking the briers alert seriously.  I gave up even  trying  part 4 without the board.  But thats ok, cause I had to pee pretty bad by that point anyway, and figured that squirming around in weird positions wouldnt have helped matters much.  As for the briers, I wore a body, a tank top, a t shirt, a turtleneck, a sweater, and a coat, and those b*strds still managed to rip a half inch hole in my finger at point 3. p My Achilles finger!  aaaah!  D p And the light at the end of the tunnel really is an oncoming train. ;   p Got great pictures of everyone from the bottom up. hehe and of dingo and his boys trying to figure out what to do next.  how many geocachers does it take to read a map? ;  p coolest cache can Ive seen yet.  Nice placement.  Took a compass, left a high quality poodle purse and a wooden mini jigsaw puzzle.
  -  Although I have cached with my father, JohnnyDingo several times, I just activated my account today, and this is my first official find!  What a first it was!  Had a blast completing this puzzle cache with JohnnyDingo and Bass Ackwards, as well as several others we met at the start.  TN LN SL
  -  Well, what can I say about this cache? I could go into much detail...or NOT! Did this one with my son, JohnnyPharmBoy, and a co worker, Bass Ackwards. Also met a trio from the Triangle area at the start and we all did it together. I have had this on my radar for quite some time, and finally found a weekend to come up from Charleston, SC, to do it.  p For anyone contemplating this cache, DO IT! This was easily one of the top 2 or three caches Ive ever done. It is a wonderfully thought out and put together puzzle, and I absolutely had a BLAST doing it.  p Took nothing   left a White tail deer coin. Grabbed the SCUBA TB, which was dropped off by one of our fellow cachers. Launched my new TB Getcher Goat, Dropped off Home Heart TB, The Graduate TB, and INSPIRE TB.  p Oh, BTW, there were only 2 left!  p Just for info, did Bradleys Bottom right after this, a GREAT twofer. p  This entry was edited by JohnnyDingo on Saturday, February 19, 2005 at 7 18 59 PM. 
  -  We arrived to the first coords at 9 30pm on saturday night. we started on this wild and crazy hunt. Many questions went through our heads while on this hunt  is this ladder safe? Are we breaking the law? Are you ok? br what happens if? Do you think someone will come up on us? wheres that snake?Did you double check that symbol? Wheres the scroll? Are you absolutely postively sure this is the way? p 10 45pm 1st three tubes were definatly the scariest remember to hold on real tight , if you are weak, you will really want to take a rope. got finished, and had thornes stuck all over me, which gave us a good idea what we were up against.  br 11 15pm 3rd tube  was a complete surprise, fell twice and got real wet, really creepy at night with all the symbols in the other tube. br 11 37pm Arrived at the 4th tube, started questioning where this was going to go next, and contemplated turning back and taking our whipped butts home, but we entered. we shall not fail, rememeber to take a alot of batteries, and everything else on the required items list. take a deep breathe and entered. br 1 00pm 5th tube  we were exhausted, sore, hurt, thursty, hungry, completely amazed at this hunt. we traveled on, who ever bought the skateboard THANK YOU SO MUCH, equipment check was in order, because we knew what we were up against. X marked the spot, and we went in after the points. making our way through we rolled the skateboard back and forth, but we remained quiet, as to not draw attenion, to people above us, even though it was near 1 30pm. finally got the last symbol,  read symbols extremely careful . we continued to explore, but dont fall down this tube DANGER, DANGER , found the blown out flame br 2 45pm going to next coords, we had know idea why we had taken this upon our poor bodies, man we are going to feel this tomorrow, but we followed the scroll and found the cache, man that was the most incredible cache hunt i have or will ever go on p took compass, stephen king IT dvd, and fish TB, left anglehead flashlight with color filters, 4 AA batts, electronic poker game, and tom clancy rainbow six game.  br signed the log p i salute the one who started this and went through the entire process making this cache possible for everyone, great job. your entire hunt brought tears and fears, i wish more people would put caches like this one together, maybe ill start working on one, but it will be no where close to this magnitude. thank you so much for the wild, crazy, incredible, insane hunt p 
  -  OBJECTIVE  TUBE TORCHER  br MISSION STATUS  COMPLETE p Nighthawk and nightlight struck your cache.  p We arrived to the first coords at 9 30pm on saturday night. we started on this wild and crazy hunt. Many questions went through our heads while on this hunt  is this ladder safe? Are we breaking the law? Are you ok? br what happens if? Do you think someone will come up on us? wheres that snake?Did you double check that symbol? Wheres the scroll? Are you absolutely postively sure this is the way? p 10 45pm 1st three tubes were definatly the scariest remember to hold on real tight , if you are weak, you will really want to take a rope. got finished, and had thornes stuck all over me, which gave us a good idea what we were up against.  br 11 15pm 3rd tube  was a complete surprise, fell twice and got real wet, really creepy at night with all the symbols in the other tube. br 11 37pm Arrived at the 4th tube, started questioning where this was going to go next, and contemplated turning back and taking our whipped butts home, but we entered. we shall not fail, rememeber to take a alot of batteries, and everything else on the required items list. take a deep breathe and entered. br 1 00pm 5th tube  we were exhausted, sore, hurt, thursty, hungry, completely amazed at this hunt. we traveled on, who ever bought the skateboard THANK YOU SO MUCH, equipment check was in order, because we knew what we were up against. X marked the spot, and we went in after the points. making our way through we rolled the skateboard back and forth, but we remained quiet, as to not draw attenion, to people above us, even though it was near 1 30pm. finally got the last symbol,  read symbols extremely careful . we continued to explore, but dont fall down this tube DANGER, DANGER , found the blown out flame br 2 45pm going to next coords, we had know idea why we had taken this upon our poor bodies, man we are going to feel this tomorrow, but we followed the scroll and found the cache, man that was the most incredible cache hunt i have or will ever go on p took compass, stephen king IT dvd, and fish TB, left anglehead flashlight with color filters, 4 AA batts, electronic poker game, and tom clancy rainbow six game.  br signed the log p i salute the one who started this and went through the entire process making this cache possible for everyone, great job. your entire hunt brought tears and fears, i wish more people would put caches like this one together, maybe ill start working on one, but it will be no where close to this magnitude. thank you so much for the wild, crazy, incredible, insane hunt p  p  This entry was edited by  NiGHTHaWK  on Sunday, February 13, 2005 at 4 01 24 PM. 
  -  Stopped by today and removed Ozguffs missing TB dog tags.
  -  Was driving through the area with two TBs I wanted to drop in area caches. Problem was that I couldnt think of a cache large enough. And then, it hit me    Tube Torcher! So I dropped the two TBs here. p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Friday, February 18, 2005 at 9 28 06 AM. 
  -  Wooo Hoooo!  Our first 5 5!   br I talked Katie into going to WNC to tackle this with me.  I didnt show her the info until AFTER she agreed.  We spent about $80 at KMart on supplies.   Glad we bought the kneepads and the $10 skateboard!  p It was a wonderful day for this hunt.  From stage 1, we knew it would be a long day.  p By stage three, I was already bleeding.  We had to go through both parts three times before we finally found everything we needed.   p By stage four, we were covered in mud, water, sweat and blood. This was turning into a great day!! p I liked how each stage got progressively harder.  I couldnt help but wonder how many people got to stage 5 and quit after looking at it, then never logged a DNF.  I know the thought crossed my mind.   p We couldnt fit into stage 5 with our pack full of gear, so we put the pack on the skateboard and pushed it.  We ended up leaving the skateboard in the tunnel in case it could help another team one day.   p We couldnt find the last symbol in the last stage, and we panicked!  I remember sitting on the ground down there beneath a grate, listening to people walk around over us, and whispering to each other what do we do???   p In the end, we left without the last symbol, and figured wed try all the possibilities.  We didnt need to, our first guess got us in the right area and the hint on the scroll got us there.   p This cache was fantastic, and it has inspired me to work that much harder on the cache Im designing back home in Arkansas.  p All you would be torchers, GO DO IT!!  But plan your whole weekend around it, because you will be so sore you wont be able to handle another one for a few days.  p Now I hope I can convince Katie to ever go caching with me again.   p We left the compass and the Trout TB, and we took the clips, a CD, and the knife.   p 
  -  Heading up from Charleston, SC to Greenville, SC on the 18th. Bringing a brand new cacher with me to do Tube Torcher on the 19th. Trying to time this to be my 300th cache! If anyone is interested in meeting up with us to do this together, please e mail me and well try to coordinate things. 
  -  Dropping off another virtual travel bug  p My Favorite Caches Virtual TB   #312730 p Feel free to grab the TB anytime or place and move it anywhere in the world!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  We are headed down south  NC  to visit family Feb 19 27 and are thinking of doing this cache while we are nearby.  Anyone else interested in potentially meeting up for this, please email us. 
  -  I was asked if Id like to ride along with 2 3 of the Geo Trio and MrParrothead and experience this again. Of course I did. I tried to hang back and take pictures while letting these guys have their own experience.  It was interesting to see the looks on their faces after having done it all before myself. They did a great job and I enjoyed it all the second time around.  Long live Tube Torcher!   ojc
  -  Regnad Kcin, Mr. Parrothead, and I decided to attempt the infamous Tube Torcher today.  Youd think wed be old enough to know better   especially me being a genuine senior citizen and old enough to be eligible for a reduced price on coffee at Hardees.  But then, youd be wrong.   p I did have some concerns at several points   Look at the rust on that ladder, I wonder if itll hold?   Isnt that part of the ceiling sitting on the floor?   Isnt this the place where they say the alligators get REALLY big?   Did we come in here from this direction or from that one?   Hey, I saw that Stephen King movie IT and I know what happens to people who do this kind of thing!   Yeah we got down in one piece, but how are we going to get back up?   Do we have time to get outta here if it starts raining?   What happened to my camera? p Some advice.  On stage 1, take a good look at BOTH options before making your selection.  On stage 3, dont rely on a puny little head lamp   bring a 2 million candlepower floodlamp.  On stage 5, bring a good fifteen foot rope to help you back into what you came out of to get to where you needed to go.   p I just gotta wonder how these guys set this cache up.  Were they walking along one day and said to themselves I wonder whats down there   Hey, lets go take a look?  How did they even find the place where they must have been walking.  But then, it was a really fun experience, so Im glad they did set it up, however they did it.   p Unlike some of the previous finders, I did not get soaked, I did not get muddy, and I never felt my life was in danger   well, maybe once, but that was on the way to the actual cache and all the real fun was over by then. Of course, we did this in the winter when all the sensible wildlife is taking a long nap.  All we saw was one cave cricket and he may have been frozen in place.  And we did it on a Sunday morning when the sensible security people are still in bed.   p So all you other cachers, take heart.  If we can do it, you can too. Get your team together and pick a date.   p  p     
  -  That was fun! Lots of fun! ...and it was a HUGE help to do this one as a team. After all, feeling more than a little like Winnie the Pooh, I did need a good push from behind at one point. I think we were leaving what mr007s had dubbed....the gravity cavity. Couldnt have had any better partners, thanks to Mr. Parrothead, Old Man Jack and our silent observer. p At one point I found myself wanting to record coordinates without a pen. I was immensely pleased with myself when I recorded the minutes portion of both latitude and longitude on a dollar bill by making a series of small tears along the edge....only later did I find out Id sent us off in the wrong direction because the system didnt work so well with zeroes!  The dollar bill, having done its duty, went into the cache...maybe someone else can figure out where I went wrong. p Until you do it, its very hard to appreciate the work that went into this cache. Awesome job! Thanks for the adventure. p I claimed the Skeptical Inquirer magazine as my cache prize and left something that just seemed appropriate, a DVD of Stephen Kings IT. What else could make you hurry through those pitch black tunnels better than an image of Pennywise the clown behind you?
  -  Ok, where do we start. p Our group gathered at the usual meeting place and headed out about 7am.  We arrived at the initial launching point and got started at approx. 9am.  It was a little chilly but we soon warmed up as we tackled the first obstacle.  After a brief snafu, we quickly got on the right track and got what we needed.  We headed onward.  Again, it didnt take long to get what we came for.  I would just like to say by this point, my arms were marshmellows. p After a quick stop to log another quick, grab and go, we were back on our way.  Again, no major obstacles here.  Just get in, get what we need, and get out.  Sounds simple right?  Well, almost.  Now I have a humpback to go with the marshmellow arms.  Did I mention the quivery knees?  Got that too. p This is where the fun really began.  Nothing like a little extreme activity to get the ol blood circulating.   Lets check the inventory   I now have marshmellow arms, a humpback, quivery knees and now bruised and battered knees and sore wrists.  I know, its sucks getting old.   p The day was progressing nicely.  My whole body hurts in places I didnt even know I had but we trudged on.  We crawled, we climbed, we twisted, we turned, we did the hokey pokey...well, maybe not the hokey pokey but we did a lot of stuff.  This one took some time but again, we came out successful.  I think everything was too sore at this point to add anymore to the list. p We now had everything we needed.  It had been a long morning and we were all whining like a bunch of little whipped puppies but the end was in sight.  We trudged onward.  A short time later after one nice little butt busting tumble, we had the goodies in our very tired little hands. p Final inventory  br Marshmellow arms br Hump back br quivery knees br bruised and battered knees  br sore wrists br very dirty backside of pants from our little butt busting br goodies from the cache br another smiley for the CG page br and a whole of fun had from a very fun cache!  plus we get to talk about this for a long time!  p  p  This entry was edited by Mr. and Mrs. Parrothead on Saturday, March 19, 2005 at 6 37 36 AM. 
  -  Well this was certainly a blast. Did the first couple stages yesterday with a buddy of mine and his son. Couldnt bring the other members of the road warriors on this one. I have to go away for a month  work related not jail and I wanted to finish this one. Had to do the other 3 stages alone this morning. This was definately a good time. I used to do a lot of caving so this brought back memories. Wish I could have found some carbide for my head lamp. If all the caches were like this one, I would probably be doing this daily. Thanks for a good time. Picked up the TB and Geocoin. Will deliver to VA. Took the head lamp  would like to get my son into caving and this will really come in handy  and GEO button. Left Dale Earnhardt stickers and deck of cards. TFTH SL  br P.S. Life is damn good  referring to 007s log  p  This entry was edited by road warriors on Sunday, January 02, 2005 at 3 11 35 PM. 
  -  Yesterdays cast   OJC as Cool Hand Luke, mr007s as Sean Connery, me as Laura Croft.   Some small amt of artistic license used here . img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  p We encountered fine art, mystical symbols, dancing flames, got high, and saw the underside of a car as only a mechanic should see it.  I wouldnt have been surprised to have found a vat of snakes or little men in SS uniforms at the end. p Speaking of uniforms, mr007s showed up wearing leotards and something that can only be described tragically as a skort. So much for blending in. p My face actually hurts from smiling.  The rest of me, just hurts.  In the immortal words of Leonard Cohen Now I ache in the places where I used to play. p Thank you IndyLee & CRex for fulfilling a fantasy that Ive had since childhood, but would never have had the guts to do w o my caching heros.  Still grinning 24 hours later and cant wait to get my copy of the Totally Tubular Tube Torcher soundtrack CD from OJC. p NICE ONE!!! p  p  br  This entry was edited by Two Bear Cubs on Wednesday, December 22, 2004 at 5 40 22 PM.  p  This entry was edited by Two Bear Cubs on Wednesday, December 22, 2004 at 9 42 12 PM.  p  This entry was edited by Two Bear Cubs on Wednesday, December 22, 2004 at 9 44 05 PM. 
  -  WOW!! What a great day. This reminded me of doing very similar things in my youth. It was just as much fun today as it was then. Yes, I really did gain some experience in places like this about 40 years ago.  p We had a great team today. Positive thinking and determination helped things to go very smoothly. I dont think the word fear was ever used or even thought of. It was just a great adventure. I guess my favorite parts were what mr007s dubbed the birth canal and the gravity cavity. High places are nice too. p I need to thank IndianaLee and CrotalusRex of The Smoky Mountain Extreme Team for all the effort expended in creating and maintaining this adventure. I call it an adventure because this one is far more than just a cache. The total experience is what stands out here. Thanks also to my fearless team mates. Two Bear Cubs and mr007s, Ill ride the river with you guys any day. You da bomb. p Oh yeah, the cache. I took a Totally Tubular cd which we listened to on the way home, and left a like new headlamp with batteries. Only used once, and that was today. I bought it for this adventure, so I thought it fitting to leave it here. Maybe someone will have some use for it even after completing Tube Torcher. Thanks to all for a great time.  OJC
  -  As I start this log I notice there are 164 people watching this cache. I’m sure some have already found it and the others are arranging their schedule to create time to do it. First I’d like to thank you for reading this log. I hope it is informative without giving away any useable references to locating the cache. p After making plans, canceling plans, revising plans, and 41 e mails back and forth, the crew consisting of TwoBearCubs, OJC and mr007s  here after known as the B.B.B.B.B. read Bold, Battered, Bruised, Bushwhacking, Bunch  were ready to assemble. It was one from the North, two from the South. We loaded up and moved out with our pockets full of ambition. We actually breezed thru rather well I thought, with only one small misstep along the way. That was quickly sorted out and we began our quest for the needed info to put this one in the bag. Let me add here if you plan on doing this cache, my feeling is it is more fun and safer to do with a couple friends. I found myself thinking several times that if something was to happen that the animals would find us before any help would. Besides nothing could bring you closer together than crawling on your hands and knees in a place with your caching buddies rear pointed right at you, and learning the hard way that chili beans were his her previous nights meal. Redbimmer, that’s the only dangerous gas we ran into. p We gathered the needed items and ciphered what was to put in our GPS to locate the booty. I truly enjoyed the way you approached this and your artistic skills. We named one of the areas we entered “the birth canal” and I think I came out breeched, at least I felt like it once it was over. We discussed the need for a Mtn. Bike to speed things up, seemed like a good idea at the time but remember I had inhaled a large amount of gas in a few short hours so my thinking may have been askew. p After locating the final stage we spent some time reading, writing and inspecting. This was a most excellent adventure and my deepest thanks for the time and effort it must take to pull this off. We will talk of this day for a very long time. I traded a large blue carbineer for a Tic Tac Toe game and left my GeoCoin, “Pretember” and a Garfield TB. p mr007s,,,,,Life is Good p 
  -  Very well done cache, I appreciate the time and effort you put forth in setting this one up! Only catch was when I was exiting the 4th stage a mexican grounds keeper almost dumped a cart load of leave on top of me, but the look in his face shown he was as dumb founded to see me, as I was to see him, but no words were exhanges and he return to his work, as I watch him and then I return to my task. It was a wonderful day for caching, even with a the chrismas traffic. Only came across five black widows, that I saw, during my travels. Thanks for the caching, got to hunt up some more EXTREME caches. Thanks   Dynamic br P.S. Cache was in great shape.
  -  I had the pleasure of completeing CrotalusRexs Eat and Run Challenge on the Outer Banks some years ago.  I knew this was to be a good one!  I didnt do so well on the earlier stages, but had no trouble checking out some low water after doing High Water.  I did get to see and feel some wildlife  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle .  This is my favorite cache to date, and the memories of completeing it with good friends will last a lifetime. Took a pen and a couple of spiders in honor of those you may have gotten smooshed.  Left some dirty green paper. p This is an extermely clever and fun cache to do, but do be careful, and follow all safety precautions.  Thanks to my friends, WE4NCS, Nittany Dave JackcacheNC, Wimseyguy and CCCooperAgency for shareing this adventure. p Fishingfools br Tean CHB br Raleigh, NC 
  -  Team CHB accepted the Nuwati Challenge and completed both WNC 5 5s in the same day. Once again I have gone places and done things that I would never have imagined doing or going before geocaching, and since high school.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  br This one required all of the physical and intellectual strength and stamina of the entire team. If the cache page suggests bringing some equipment, you had better bring it. If it warns of dangers that you may encounter, believe it   well there wasnt a lot of wildlife around . Thanks for creating a unique adventure. T nada, L signature button from my 1K adventure. The next time Im driving down the interstate and I wonder about some structure off the road Ill wonder for a different reason.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  After finishing High Water and grabbing a bite to eat at a drive through, we  CCCA, fishingfools, JackcacheNC, WE4NCS, Wimseyguy and I  dove right into this next 5 5. p This cache had lots of ups and downs.  Each stage was a slightly different challenge.  We chased the wrong torch at one stage but that only slowed us down a little.  p The flashlights sure came in handy as did kneepads and old clothes.  After completing the puzzle and narrowly avoiding local security forces, we headed over to the final stage full of anticipation at the prospect of finishing both 5 5s in the same day.  The final stage was completed in the dark and can be pretty treacherous terrain day or night.  When we finally spotted the container I realized that I have one just like it sitting in my garage waiting to be hidden.  Im sure mine wont be hidden at the end of a challenge nearly as good as this one was.  br Left a Magellan paperweight and a signature button, took lots of awesome memories.  Thanks for a great challenge!
  -  What can I add after the comments from the other team members?? Maybe, WOW what a cache. As it has been noted this was a team effort with WE4NCS, Nittany Dave, CCCooperAgency, Wimseyguy, Fishingfools, and myself, old and fragile at age 50. p I kid about being 50, but age is not the factor unless you make it one. You need to be mentally prepared and in good physical condition to tackle this one, no matter your age. Carry all the proper equipment, and be safe! p Not sure if this cache should be called Tube Torcher or Tube Torture! Much I want to say but do not want to give anything away. This one does test you mentally....just be prepared. p You will get dirty and you will be tired ...Hit the showers after this one...As I was showering I kept thinking...You did what!. p Thanks for the adventure p JackCacheNC AKA MoleMan p  br  This entry was edited by jackcacheNC on Monday, November 01, 2004 at 6 34 13 AM. 
  -  The only ingredient missing from making this a fantastic geo experience was the company of my best geo buddy SBUX who could not make it down this time due to other committments. p After our sweet success at High Water! the boys & I found it only fitting to snatch up the gauntlet thrown down by the last finders by doing these 2 5 5 geocaches back to back.  I stand tall with these honorable men in that we achieved our goals of having fun, staying safe & finding BOTH in 1 day.  It may have had something to do with our lack of any real food in the past 24+ hrs. and minimal sleep. p This was one of the best geo adventures anywhere and when I passed through the Chimney Rocks Park area on Sunday, it was really tempting to come up & shake your hand for hiding it.  The amount of time and creativity involved can not be measured. p  p  br 
  -  We began our caching weekend by warming up finding over 150 caches on the two previous days. Our day concluded by tackling this 5 5 cache and by 7 PM we had completed both this and High Water, another new local 5 5 cache. p It was a team effort including nittany dave, CCCooperAgency, wimseyguy, fishingfools, jackcacheNC and myself, the senior member at over age 55. p We ultimately used all of the gear that the cache owner recommended as well much of what we brought without his recommendation. Stage 2 was left to me. Other stages were not quite as intimidating so we left it to the other capable members of our team. p There is a certain amount of danger to this cache. Be careful. The physical demands require a reasonable level  of good physical condition. If you have vertigo or any heart conditions, avoid this cache. p This has got to be one of the best cache experiences of my two + years. The memories of stage 2 will stay with me for many years. p Thanks for an exciting hunt and adventure! This was an outstanding 5 5 cache and the third one I have completed in NC. p  p  This entry was edited by WE4NCS on Sunday, July 03, 2005 at 9 50 27 AM. 
  -  Just a quick note to say that CrotalusRex, ShortRound, and I went to check out the cache today and see what kind of water damage was done to it... WOW. Everything was soaked. Had to remove alot of stuff, but we took replacement goodies... not much, but at least its not empty. OH... I also left a Jeep Bug!!! So, get out there and do some caching!!!   br NOTE  PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE CLOSING AND REPLACEMENT INSTRUCTIONS IN THE FRONT OF THE LOGBOOK!!!  THANKS!!!    IndianaLee
  -  CRUD... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle ...What a major bummer... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle ...it looks like the three hurricanes to recently hit our area totally flooded the cache someone must have left the lid loose on accident or it wouldnt have flooded...oops img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle ...remember to make sure the wings engage the slots correctly and then turn the crank T handle thingy clockwise several turns until it seats securely and the O ring seals it tight img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle see pic below.   IndianaLee and or myself will get out there soon again?!?!  and dry restock the container with some new goodies.   br Cheers, br CrotalusRex img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br PS  As this is a special cache please remember to bring special items to trade in this cache...no McDonalds toys or bubble gum machine trinkets please...thanks img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found this one easy.  It only took Shade, Jaded, and I two days to find it.  That must be a new record for me.  I credit that to my two companions on the cache of caches.  I must say, when we FINALLY finished, I had such a wonderful feeling of acomplishment, I didnt want it to end.  But it did and, Im sorry to say, the cache was flooded.  I wringed out the Huckleberry Finn book, myself.  The log was soaked thru  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle .  Left Scourge of Worlds demo DVD, silly putty, and collectible cards took Nuwati cd.  TFTC!
  -  WOOOOO HOOOOOO. This one had to be broke up into two days because of a bad judgement on our behalf, so we called it a day early and decided to fix our mistake today. This cache was definently the best weve been on. Its got us all excited to do more caches like this. We also want to thank Mojo for taging along on this one its always better to have an extra brain on something like this. After all the excitment of the hunt we were disappointed to find the cache container soaked. I think the flooding from Ivan was to blame and the lid wasnt on very tight when we found it. We took Pez Bee and Scuba keychain  left dash compass and handheld ticktacktoe game.
  -  Hi Ho, CrotalusRex here img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle !  According to the last posting, it looks like our good buddies and defenders of peace and freedom  the Police  are keeping an eye on things near one of the clue locations in the Tube Torcher... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle .  I believe that this is because a field near the clue has been used for illegal garbage dumping in the past img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle ...sad.  If you encouner our boys in blue...near the clue...just be true  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  and have fun on your cache run. Also, if you see any illegal dumping in progress get a description of the persons vehicle doing the dumping and get the tag number if possible then by all means give the Police a call and report the filthy dirtbags img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_angry.gif border 0 align middle .  We all need to do our part to keep the Earth clean and to keep the good name of Geocaching alive       br Cheers, br CrotalusRex  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br Cache in trash out img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle !   
  -  BOO YA...That cache was the best cache that we have ever done.  This was our first five star cache and I must say you inspired us. Your ... Mad crazy.
  -  Found as part of Crew 111. Uber fun! I was the driver ... not a wise choice on this one! p Blaze and Vakuum of VAKationers.
  -  Very nice multi. Local constabulary was quite interested in our visit to one of the clue locations!! p Team  Blaze, Brian V., Nalgene, Moose, Chuck, and Top Gun. p Cache in good condition. p  This entry was edited by GMC Crew 111 on Wednesday, August 18, 2004 at 10 48 55 AM. 
  -  Due to technical difficulties, the last post has went the way of the do do... So this is the replacement log... br gojoey&Bookworm1 has picked up the Jeep TB to send it on its way... THANKS!  IndianaLee
  -  Stopped by to ck on cache.  Sure looks like a lot of trompled vegetation to the cache.  Dropped of Jeep Tb For a short Stay.    He will move along soon on Thunder Road
  -  awesome cache been wanting to to this one for a while asked the wife to go and she said NO WAY MAN got a friend from work to go find his first cache and we had a blast.Run though the entire thing in 4 hours would have been quicker but made a few mistakes but quickly recovered from them and moved along.Never would have crawled though these places without geocaching.Truly suprised were we ended up on this one.Saw tons of spiders some bees two herons two frogs but we kept all our blood  well i did anyway .took jeep tb left a spring link.hey thanks guys for a truly unusual challange br i think my friend might be a little disappointed on his second hunt after the first being the TUBE TORCHER!!!!! br 
  -  Hi All...  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  br I would like to post a quick note to all future finders of this cache...  and any possible repeaters!!!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  On Saturday the 10th; C Rex, ShortRound,& myself went to check on the cache container. We had been notified by a couple of cachers that the container had water leakage.  Note  When replacing cache container, PLEASE put lid end in first!  After checking the cache, drying things out, and going thru the few items that were in the cache, we were perplexed at the meager pickings that were there!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  I know that there has been several logs stating that future visitors should trade up, due to the fact that this cache was worthy...  Their words; not mine!! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle   We added a few items we had with us, but we had to leave with the cache half empty...   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle    or half full... depending on your frame of mind!!  So I urge cachers to trade as well as they liked the adventure we have placed for them!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  THANKS!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br     IndianaLee  br PS   Thanks to DOUGTAPE for leaving a JeepBug!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  OK i have a question.  A verry valid question and I want some help answering it. Pur24Karet and I asked ourselves this several times,  whois crazier, those who created this cache or those who willingly complete it?      br What can I say, it was AWESOME.  I have a rather sore head from scraping it several times, on top of being sunburnt up there at the same time...  But man am I gonna sleep well tonight.   How did yall find these places?  cool!  It was deffinately a challenge, there were times where I was thining, nope not going there, but pushing myself and doing it felt great.  The scariest points were when we heard BOOM!  while enroute to the final location, and then i heard water pouring into our location.  Looked down a tunnel and saw it literally pouring down into the area.  I think the words we have to go NOW had little meaning, I could picture the way we were about to go starting to let water flow while we were leaving.   p Almost said, nope fot finishing this in the rain, but decied that it was drizzling and ot see what you had instore for us to see if it could be done.  Saw a Wonderfull heron fly away as we made our way to the final cache, and almost missed it....  that last part in the rain isnt that fun, especially with lightening and thunder near by, by near by I mean watchign the lightening bolts. p took nothing but left an ocean reef diver keychain, and one of the coveted yellow Jeep travel bugs, I had to practically pry it out of Pur24Karets drooling fingers... p wonderfull cache, I doubt I will find anythign like it in the near future.  It is nive to be exhauseted after ONE cache, not a day of caching,  well i guess if the cache takes from 8 30 till about 3 30 that is all day.. p thank you for the cache! br dougtape
  -  Yipeeeeeeeee, I did it! Went with DougTape today and we had a blast. Found the first coords ok but we made the wrong choice. DougTape was the unlucky one. Sneaky little devils, So we went for the other choice and we were off. Found a parking lot within about 500 ft of the next set of coords and thought we found a trail into the woods. Wow the trail ended about 250 ft from the coords. We bushwacked the rest of the way through a briar thicket. really no lie  Found the next set of coords and DougTape was kind, he grabbed the clue for us. Then we were off again wow thats when we realized how demented you guys are. We keep echoing that through out the trip. It was a blast though! I must say  there were 2 times I didnt think I was going to make it out alive. Once we were coming to the end of a &%&^$* and there was one major opening and one small one. I almost missed seeing the small one, that could have been disasterous  ;    the next time it had started raining and we heard water pouring in and I couldnt get up where I needed to be. Thank goodness for DougTape. He sat me on his shoulders and got me where we I needed to be quick. Anyway I loved this cache and even though it started raining on us we finished it in a thunderstorm. Thanks so much for the awesome  sick  cache. Took knife left a flashlight and something else. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
  -  Hey what can I say, the cache was incredable. I did this one today with, clan x men and askinison, 2 great guys to cache with. this cache reminds me of a movie I saw once, I forget the name of it, but it had this temple bird thingy in it, and this cup they were looking form maybe it was monty python. But a great cache none the less, the container needs to be replaced with the one at the first coordanants, the items were a little wet, just a touche up maintainence, and the cache could be rated higher than the 5 5 it was given, Thx again guys, 
  -  Well, where do I start? You guys are sick! This was bar none the most extreme cache I have been on. The twisted mental state you must have been in to concoct such a great cache does indeed require the use of heavy medication. HAD A BLAST! Ran this one with Knight Rider and soon to be caching on his own AskaniSon. Thanks for a great cache hunt! Sadly the cache was water logged. Find someway to make that thing water tight boys cause a cache this great needs an awesome ending.  I do realize you cant guarantee your caches can stay dry. Believe me I know!  This was AskaniSons first cache hunt ever and I think weve got a new recruit! Thanks again for an awesome day. p X MAN
  -  My nephew joined me on this one.  We enjoyed the first three stops, but we couldnt find the next coords. I e mailed the owner, but I dont know if well have the time to get back over to finish it befor we go back to Florida. Thanks for the cache, even without finishing it, it was a lot of fun.
  -  macdonr, mrs. macdonr, and Mac embarked on the Tube Torcher cache experience this morning as a heavy fog enveloped the area. Make that mist. A light rain. A moderate rain.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  p We finished as much as we could before the rain prevented us from continuing safely. With luck, we will have better weather as we continue the journey ... hopefully within the next eight months. So far, this has been the most outstanding cache we have ever attempted, and we look forward to the rest of the cache.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  My wife and I are heading to Asheville tomorrow morning, and this one is on our list  I hope...   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  Anyway, wanted to find out if anyone else in the NC area is game to do this one with us. Well be there from Monday afternoon to Thursday morning. So, theres plenty of time to hook up. Let me know.
  -  This was a great adventure and as the saying goes if it wasn’t for geocaching we would never known some of these places existed or would we have even consider visiting if we had known.  With that said I teamed up with MSA26 and off we went. I think we met every creature and element described and then a few.  We dodged snakes, bees, attacked birds, spiders and numerous unseen creatures but they were not enough to stop us from reaching our goal.  Stage after stage we struggled on toward our destiny.  The final few stages were interesting to say the least.  We didn’t have to set off the car alarm as OrthoGuy did but we did have to contend with the security fellow and carefully time our exit.  Even though we looked like we had been in one heck of a battle when we finish, this was one of the more enjoyable hunts that we have been on.  Left a WheresGeorge dollar and took the Red Gun TB.  Really great container and thanks for all the hard work in putting this cache together. 
  -  found it with the help of san747. very hard cache, great spot by the way. And a really fun cache had a blast.
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Note..we got the last packet, it needs to be re stocked.. p Well, lets see..what can we do to make this even more interesting?..I got it lets do it at night. We started at about dusk and like everybody else we chose poorly..how does that keep happening?? After that things went fairly smooth. At one point we were in an area where there happened to be a security fellow taking a smoke break and he was right beside a spot we needed to traverse. As our car was not too far away I pushed the panic button to set off my alarm. He looked around but continued with his break. I did it a second time ....he looked back around at the car, threw his butt out the window and left to investigate..this allowed us an opportunity to get to where we needed to go. Things went quickly after that. When we wraped up we headed over to a near by Waffle house to get a late dinner.. 11 pm or so ..and we were by far the scariest folks there, and thats saying something... It seems that on the last leg there is a small hurdle you have to navigate..not a big deal in the daylight Im sure, but I seemed to miss it in the darkness and this afforded me the opportunity to take the express route  through many,many,many,etc thorn bushes to the cashes resting place. Needless to say I looked like I was put through a giant juicer and smelled worse than I did at the end of S.E.R.E. school. Adventurechick looked like a war refugee. When we sat down to eat a group of Harley riders were eating beside us. As they got up to leave one asked what in the world happened to us...I smiled at him and told him we had just returned form a trip to the bowels of the earth. As they continued to the register to pay his friend leaned over to him and said  The crazies come out at midnight  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle . Oh well.. The clues were in good shape and the final cache was safe and secure. And wow, what a great cache container.  p Left a Mag light and Red gun TB br Took the autographed  by Ozguff  copy of the Iliad. p Thanks for the great hunt. p Regards, br Orthoguy br and br Adventurechick
  -  Team Hikerman was in the area Friday and Saturday with the intent of finishing this cache from where we had started it over a year ago.  Unfortunaltely, due to an unforseen injury to one of the team members, this cache will have to wait a little bit longer.  Pulled muscles should heal quick and we will be back on the trail to find this cache soon.
  -  My business trip to the area was canned!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  Ill have to think up another scheme to get into the vicinity...  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Cheers! Coupar Angus
  -  Team Hikerman is coming this weekend to crash your cache! 
  -  Ill start by saying I didnt intend to search for Tube Torcher this weekend.  Id downloaded a few less difficult traditionals in the Hendersonville area and didnt have a printout or coordinates for this one with me.  A Saturday evening visit to the library, a knowledge it was close by, and a hint to the wife Lets just check out where the first stage actually is, was enough to get the journey underway.  Found the first stage after dusk on Saturday evening.  Let it be said, night time hunts are great, no one can see the fear on your face. The wife of course was reassured medical facilities were nearby.  Sunday morning, I got up early and decided Id just go see the next stage. I phoned my latest coordinates back to the wife at the hotel every hour or so to keep her satisfied and give parametics a place to start if I disappeared. I then spent all morning exploring some of the finest places western NC has to offer.  This is truly the most memorable hunt Ive ever undertaken and I was almost defeated by a misplaced digit at the final stage.  I finally guessed correctly that you didnt want anyone to climb over the 8 foot barbed wire fence.  What a wilderness adventure this turned out to be.  Thank goodness the rain held off all morning.  I took nothing, left a signature keychain, and claimed a photo with the cache camera.  Thanks for making this a weekend to remember. p NCTreker
  -  I cant believe 50 people are watching this cache!!! Im up for the challenge and will try to make this my 75th or 100th cache! Ive already done Sissys Snarky Walk, and Im jonesing for another challenge similar to that. Not too many 5 5s around! V 8 of the Piston Heds.
  -  There is not much I can add to what Nuwati has written; this was an awesome geocaching experience! Time and time again I heard Nuwati say, This is cool, and I found myself repeating his mantra as we progressed through the stages. p Though possible as a solo quest I was very glad to have Nuwatis company; the shared experience made it more meaningful!  And to think that I first met him at 10 00am this morning; apparently meeting people online DOES work!  p We made some poor choices, we got a little lucky, we made good time  2 45 , we had more fun than we thought possible. I echo Nuwatis hopes that this cache remain as a geocaching fixture for years to come! The two of us have already discussed developing a cache in Transylvania Jackson counties that would  almost  match up to Tube Torcher. p Took Star Wars  The Next Generation trading trivia card set, Clifford The Big Red Dog TB, and the Orienteering Medal TB. Left a hardback copy of Homers The Iliad, a magic 8 ball, and an Edward Jones Mighty Grip kitchen tool. p I do want to warn folks about a benchmark close to the X  I slipped down the embankment and landed squarely on it. I am now having problems sitting... p Thanks to all involved with this adventure! I look forward to more caches that challenge both physically and mentally.  And I do realize that Homers The Odyssey would have been a more appropriate trade item...   You cant please anyone!  p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Monday, January 19, 2004 at 6 43 49 PM.  p Almost 24 hours after finishing my whole body aches!  And not just from landing on the benchmark!! The spot in question is sporting a lovely multi colored bruise roughly the size of a.....benchmark.   p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Tuesday, January 20, 2004 at 8 52 14 AM. 
  -  OzGuff and I have conquered the legendary Tube Torcher. If you are reading this log and are thinking about doing this cache my advise to you is drop what you are doing and get moving. There are no words to describe this hunt. Well not true. The word to describe this hunt is GEOCACHING. What an adventure. This is a must do Geocache. I would like to thank OzGuff, if it were not for him my navigational skills would of had me and him in South Carolina. Great guy to cache with. He was so nice that I had to turn down his wifes offer of keeping a portion of his life insurance money. Just to nice a guy to do away with. Left my Nuwati Geo CD and THE BIG RED DOGTB. Took mini maglite. Thank you for your hard work. It has and hopefully will continue to pay off. Maybe you guys should put together a tube torcher maintenance crew made up of cachers who have already completed the cache. This is one cache that needs to stay.
  -  Just wanted someone  other than my wife  to know that I  and Nuwati  are attempting this cache January 19, 2004. The reason I want others to know is that my wife is starting to get a little ticked off at my  healthy  obsession with geocaching and is probably starting to think that the insurance money, should we not return, sounds pretty good! p Wish us luck!!!
  -  What can I say?  p We first heard of this cache over a year ago. When I needed to contact one of our area cachers, I went to his profile page to e mail him. There I saw Tube Torcher listed as one of the goals he had set for himself. I followed the link and was hooked. We have been one of the many watchers ever since. p Hendersonville is 220 miles away from our home here in SC. We had to plan the trip for a time when we each had several days off. December is a tad chilly for caching, but that just added to the challenge. p The hunt was everything that I imagined it would be and then some. The gloves and kneepads were definitely helpful. Someone  me  managed to lose her footing above about 6 inches of water towards the end, so the extra change of clothing was also a boon. p Cache is in great shape. We took the Tigger TB and a Rubiks cube keychain. We left The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn registered at BookCrossing.com and the Orienteering TB.
  -  I knew when I first read about Tube Torcher that I had to make it my 100th cache!  After asking everyone I could think of to join me and getting no takers, I decided to go for it solo! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle   I started out at 9 00am with great confidence for this huge adventure on a perfect day for caching.  Right off the bat I knew this one would be tough when I lost a 50 50 bet and made the wrong choice.  I quickly figured out my error and was soon on my way.  It wasn’t long into this one that I was saying, just like the clue, NO WAY MAN!!!  This one was looking really fun so far.  I missed one of the  very important  clues that left me searching out in an open  parking  area and had me really confused.  Believe it or not,  I STUMBLED ON THE CACHE! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   I left out several of the good stages because of my mistake.  But with the clues gathered at the first stop and thinking of some of the pictures I’d seen of this hunt I found my way to the next stage and completed this the way it should have been done.  Wow, am I glad I kept going, that was the best part!!   It is an interesting place to be by your self.   p I traded a small telescope for the little tool kit and also took the USS Enterprise NCC 1701 D travel bug to set it on its way.  Great container, great shape and completely dry inside.  I took a picture of my worn out sweaty self and sealed it back up. p Thanks so much for this one, it tops all other geocaches I’ve ever done.  I’m sure I’ll talk about this one for a long time.   p One thing I didn’t take with me that would have been really helpful is a good pair of gloves, and a friend! br 
  -  WOO HOOO!! CrotalusRex and Mimichan found the cache!  ...er sort of...we did some cache maintenance and replaced the old container with a new and improved larger  and really COOL img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle !  metal container  see attached photo   due to this new container, one of the items listed above that was needed on the hunt  an adjustable wrench  is no longer needed!  p We also added several new cache items including  br   br *An entire set of Star Trek The Next Generation Trading Cards  MIB   p *Three Travel Bugs  USS Enterprise NCC 1701 D, Tigger and Beary Barrinson Bear p  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle FUTURE FINDERS  The final icon you will be searching for has eroded away to oblivion and has not been replaced...so you will have to just be a bit more observant to find this one. p ALSO  When you find this cache DO NOT remove the container from its location...simply turn the T  handle  see attached photo  to the left, the top will disengage and you will have instant access to the treasure within  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle !  please dont loose the top  After you do your caching simply replace the top as you found it...but tightly please so it dosent leak...also be sure that one of the three drain holes is positioned at the lowest point under the lid so water will drain out of the rim  you will understand when you see it   thanks img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle ! br   Happy Hunting  CrotalusRex, Mimichan, IndianaLee and the rest of the Extreme Team wherever they may be... img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  p PS  The cache in the photo IS NOT the TUBE TORCHER...so dont go looking for a log leaves as you see in the pic, it is just an example so you know what to look for. p  br   p  This entry was edited by CrotalusRex and Mimichan on Friday, November 07, 2003 at 3 59 29 AM.  p  This entry was edited by CrotalusRex and Mimichan on Friday, November 07, 2003 at 10 56 58 AM. 
  -  Hi TORCHER fans img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle ! IndianaLee and I are wondering how many of you  if any?  are planning on attempting the legendary TUBE TORCHER over this next weekend? We need to know so we can be sure it is well stocked with clues so you wont be left stuck in a hole or hanging in the dark...by a rope...please let us know ASAP~ br Thanks, br CrotalusRex  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle and IndianaLee img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   br of T.S.M.Ex. T. br PS  I hear there may be a couple or three travel bugs hiding out in the TORCHER waiting to be picked up!?!?!
  -  Totally Tubular  This was definitely worth the geo  Indiana Lee & Crotalus Rex we got the last copy of your guide so it needs replaced...Other teams made the find today as well today Gloves indeed would be a good add on..we made the find at 3 15 so it took us about 4.5 hours...We are looking forward to the next *****. The kids had a one heck of a journey as well...Something the family is having a blast doing together outdoors...We are anxious to do one of our own very soon...Took a few things  left a few things...Took pic#21...Thanks Again
  -  Totally Tubular  This was definitely worth the geo  Indiana Lee & Crotalus Rex we got the last copy of your guide so it needs replaced...Other teams made the find today as well today Gloves indeed would be a good add on..we made the find at 3 15 so it took us about 4.5 hours...We are looking forward to the next *****.  The kids had a one heck of a journey as well...Something the family is having a blast doing together outdoors...We are anxious to do one of our own very soon...Took a few things  left a few things...Took pic#21...Thanks Again p  last edit  9 14 2003 2 55 53 PM PST 
  -  Oh what an adventure! What more can I say than my cohorts already have said? It is definitely as advertised! I actually showered first before sitting down to log the find. I would add to the list some work gloves so that your hands dont get torn up on some of the climbing and crawling adventures. We had a little trouble with switching some coordinates, but all in all we had fun! I left 2 animal figurines and took a necklace that the girls are already fighting over  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle .
  -  Very great way to spend a beautiful weekend day! Had good company with 1 2 of TeamGabe and shava4. Id do this again if someone else needed a guide to hit it, but Id need time to forget how much my body hurts and how dirty I am...Truly as advertised. Must pay attention to the equipment list. This was lots of fun and also challenging for someone with a fear of heights! Thanks very much for what Im sure was a lot of work put into creating this boot camp of urban adventuring. Took Aldus Huxley book, left a wooden lion model, a smiley puzzle and...something else. Now I must shower a lot. And get ready for the geocachers gathering this evening more fun! br Thanks!!!!!!
  -  And an excellent time was had by all!  p Bianca from teamgabe, mtnlion, and myself teamed up for this as everyone said it was a team effort. Whew! We left at 10am and got back at 2 50pm. Helps when you split up to hit spots! My back is sore, my legs tired, my boots are soaked because I gave up and sloshed, but didnt we have a good time!  p My flashlight quit working, but other then that we had a smooth run with no mistakes  except we almost made an assumption on the cache location  so we had a peak run. Your cowboy hat at the end is almost entirely faded out, we took the next to last set of instructions, as well as picture 22. p Fun spots  and I wonder what you were doing down there when you decided to make this one  and good company. Now we all have to get cleaned up for the picnic. Can you climb in a washing machine comfortably?
  -  Hats off to IndianaLee & CrotalusRex.  This cache was most worthy!!!  Team Flatlanders arrived at the first stage around 1 50p and shortly thereafter chose unwisely.  This cost us an hour while we traversed another nearby tube that was not part of the cache.  The next few stages were much more straightforward, with only the required stop at a Dairy Queen hampering our progress.   p The second to last stage was a thing of beauty.   Thanks to Q and Wild Mustard for providing me an assist in one section!   We found the final stage around 8 30p, giving us a total time of 6 hrs. 40 mins.  We used a pen to sharpen up some of the faded clues along the way.  Be careful at the first stage.  There is a wasp’s nest very near the target.   p Left nothing, but took away a lot of fun memories.  We are inspired to put together a little 5 5 mayhem of our own shortly.  Stay tuned. p Thanks!!! p theQ’s, Wild Mustard & docKaos br 
  -  ATTENTION ALL FUTURE ATTEMPTEES  Some pictures are SPOILERS, so be aware... If you want more of a challenge, view the pictures after completion...    img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle      THANKS   IndianaLee
  -  In our haste to accuse Crotalus Rex of being a Devious Deranged Szchisoprentic and putting this together we forgot that it  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle was a TEAM EFFORT. Also putting this together was INDIANA LEE another deranged member of the extreme team, sorry bout that.
  -  Had a great time.  We did this as a team effort and that made a big difference.  Began the hunt about 11 30 am and finished at 3 30 pm. p The team consisted of our friends Gory and Sylvia and our new friend GOJoey. p We went where few men have gone before.   p You guys are some sick puppies to put people through this kind of torcher, but mostly for thinking this stuff up in the first place.  Thank you though.... p Hats off to GoJoey for streamlining the beginning of the hunt and to Gory for he aint skeared of nothing and to Marilyn and Sylvia who stood ready with the walky talkies and cell phones.  We had 911 on speed dial. p My clothes are in the washer so I am jumping in there as well. p Took nothing br left nothing p Thanks again p REG p  last edit  8 2 2003 4 59 27 PM PST 
  -  Woo Hoo, whats next. Lots of fun, reminded me of playing as a child. Went with Reg&Marilyn, and that great ambassador of the sport, GoJoey, who had done the first 2 before, but graciously let us do them without spoiling them, we needed to do them on our own to consider this a true find.  br Took a keychain lantern, left a Wheres George dollar. br Wet, scratched up, dirty and smelly, but most of all happy. br Thanks for a great hide and a good challenge, know any more good ones?
  -  DONE IS ABOUT ALL I WANT TO SAY FOR THIS. p IM TIRED DIRTY HUNGRY SMELLY AND SATISFIED.... p Did this with some cachers from Greenville who didnt want to do it alone as i didnt want to do it alonw either.  I did stage 1and 2 last fall and just getting around to finishing it .    Crotalus Rex You are one devious critter for putting this together  you must have had some bored weekends to be roaming around and finding these areas........THANKS br Took the telescope and left my knife along with a few assortad toys......
  -  An amazing cache.  I was lucky enough to team up with HelixBlue and Dlostboy for this one.  As they are both old hands at geocaching, Im sure I cruised through this much easier than I should have the right to, and that *scares the wageebies* outta me!  At nearly seven hours to finish, I can only assume it would have taken much longer to finish alone.  I agree with HelixBlue, dress in something casual and semi rugged but normal looking for this cache.  Fantastic job guys!  I look forward to doing more.  Its all gotta be downhill now, right?    
  -   A HREF http   toadstool.se  target _blank Users web page  A  br Back from what might be the longest shower I have ever taken... Normally, Id have some hint laced in word choices for one of these comments, but I think any kind of hint, recommendation, or such would detract from the experience of future cachers. However, for the sake of protecting this cache, I do recommend one thing  The more camoflauge looking the clothing you wear is, the higher your risk factor goes up. p Dlostboy, cdwangs, and I have been trying to get our schedules in sync with the weather for over 18 months now. This weekend it finally came together. After 6h45m of scratches, animal bites, photographs, writing the wrong coordinates down, cdwangs being silly, seeing more snake skins in an afternoon than in the last 10 years, and observing animal species I had only read about in books, we had finally completed this cache. We did take our time however, taking over 300 photos and 65 small video clips. Ill make a video available online to any geocacher who contacts me, so long as they have marked this cache as completed. p Much props to IndianaLee & CrotalusRex, as I think they are quite insane. Thanks also to Dlostboy and cdwangs for being awesome teammates and making the completion of this cache a reality. Couldnt have done it without you guys. p By far the toughest cache I have ever attempted. In exchange for such a great time I left a firewire webcam  640x480x30fps  as a prize. p  br  last edit  7 13 2003 5 55 58 AM PST 
  -  Finally getting around to logging this   didnt have an account here when I did this one. Little Byte and I did this one   our very first!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  Borrowed Cyfis GPS and we did this one on our motorcycles. Cant remember what we exchanged, but we did sign the log. What a great start to Geocaching!
  -  Well, Sunbeam and I finally finished the adventure.  We broke it up into small, after work jaunts.  Probably not the most efficient way to go after this one, as it took us over a month to complete the trek  see the April 5 log .  Our mission included a wild goose chase due to a Cyfi assumption about the evil minds of the extreme team.  The rope ladder really wasnt part of the journey after all  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle .  Sunbeam stayed the course and was the one that spotted the cache. p Satisfaction and a little let down  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  upon completion, knowing that there arent going to be many others of this magnitude  are there?  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  . p Bring something better than the average trinket to leave.  This cache deserves it  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle   p Took the Kennedy campaign button and the key puzzle.  Left a Cyfi Sunbeam Medallion  #8  and a really neat leather clad brass telescope in a hardwood case.  A real treat for the next cacher that endures the torture... I mean torcher. p Thanks, guys.  It was as advertised. p 
  -  Not quite 500 for me. p It was bad to be at the start and not know if you could finish the cache because you couldnt get started.  I overcame quite a few of my fears on this day...ones I wasnt sure I could get past at the moment, but I managed to somehow.  This is definitely a cache that will test some limits.  I never thought there would be such highs and such lows in one day of caching, but Crotalus Rex and Indiana Lee lit the way. p But we persevered and finally reached end, unsure if it would be victory until the very end.  We were sore, bloody, tired, wet, thirsty and bruised.  But at least we were not beaten. p Id have to say a cacher is not a true cacher until they have finished this hunt. p Thanks for the hunt, CR & IL.
  -  My cache for number 500. br I had thought myself someway crazy getting up to 200. then the number 500 was to become. br Picked the Tube Torcher to be the one. br Now I know Im crazy as hell. br 1. I am extremely afraid of heights, especially man made heights. br 2. I can not ride in the rear seat of a two door car with out going into panic mode. p And this is the cache I wanted to be 500. p Snake, my son, and I left the house in Winder, Georgia about 10 this morning and just got back at 11 15 PM  br Took us 7 hours to do the cache, took us three hours to climb the stairway to heaven. After that a piece of cake. p Today was tax day. April 15th and this cache was extremely taxing. br I ache all over and have cuts on both arms and hands  gripping the hand rails on the stairway. br My legs started shaking about 1 2 way up and had to come down to earth, the second try made it all the way to the top without shaking legs.  but perhaps I should not let it be known that with all my braveness I was dumb as a rock   picked the wrong thing to climb.  Main thing is that I did climb it, to the top, after failing the first try. br Spent Much too Much time on the last location, almost called it a day and knowing I should be so close   Figured that it would be at a close by location.  Then I saw the snake. br Smiley time. p Thanks for the work out and sore body of this 53 year old caching fool. p Question   one cacher said that his 5 year old went along   how did he like the different steps? p  br THANKS FOR MY NUMBER 500. p Skeetman br 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  WOO HOO!!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  The TUBE TORCHER is repaired and ready to roll  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  so go for it fellow extreme geocachers...you will not regret it! CrotalusRex and I have spent the better part of today fixing the clues that had eroded and or vanished and removing hazardous debris from one section of the hunt img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle .  Please remember that the TUBE TORCHER is not your ordinary geocache hunt...it is a real challenge and you WILL feel like you have done something  both mentally and physically  afterwards.   Best of luck  and happy hunting.  br IndianaLee and CrotalusRex of T.S.M.Ex.T.          
  -  Sunbeam and Cyfi began this adventure back on March 7, doing one step at a time in the afternoons after work.  Step one drew blood from both of us, so we knew we were on the right track.  Step two seemed a deja vu to step one.  Step three ended up right in our back yard... but took three tries to get all the coords  lack of observation skills, I guess .  Step four got a little intense, as recent petty theft in the area had the residents watching and Sunbeam was questioned.  Step five found some of the clues faded, but we felt we were still on track.  Got lost at step six... not sure of our error, but after a couple of attempts, we e mailed the extreme team and were asked to hold off for a while... so we are on hold... but anxious to wrap this one. p The adventure has included briar scratches, insect bites, animal tracks, arachnids, darkness, heights, rushing water, etc.  Cyfi was bitten multiple times by animals that were neither insect, arachnid, mammal, reptile, amphibian or bird.  Got that? p Pay heed to the equipment list.  This extreme cach is everything its purported to be.
  -  Howdy All!!!  C Rex and I went to the 3rd & 4th stages and repaired all eroded clues... We are also planning a scouting trip to the rest of the TORCHER to inspect all remaining scribblings... We will post another note when we complete the said mission into the unknown.  unknown to all but us!! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   IndianaLee
  -  Did the first three steps of this adventure with little difficulty.  However, we are having some problems with step 4.  We are not sure if the coordinates we need to obtain are still there.  A lot can happen between July and November.  Could you check to make sure they are still there and let us know so that we are able to go back and finish this one later.
  -  Wow! What a scorcher! Went too far on leg 4  all the way, what a drag . Doubled back and found it. So glad we did this....once. With no kneepads, Im suffering with memories of the experience. Accomplished with my brother and nephew, we took the knife, carabiner, and hat light, left a brass puzzle, waterproof container, two other trinkets I cant seem to remember...must of hit my head too many times      p Thanx for the adventure!! p skilargo br 
  -  We took along Geobug and a friend. Boy were we glad they were along as claustrophobia kicked in. We missed out on some of the fun, but definately enjoyed it. Geobug took micro tool, we took leatherman, bandana, 50 cent piece and goetravelor 1977 AMC Pacer. We left a watch, hackey sack, camera, and AA bateries. br  We enjoyed the blackberries, but not the briars and poison ivy. br   The_Leaf_Eaters
  -  HOOOO MAMMMAAA!  Im 57 years old and did it solo! br Bring knee pads and a headlamp.  Hats off to Indiana Lee and Crotalus Rex.  This was an adventure! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   It rained like crazy yesterday, but the tubes were not bad at all.  Even so, I was wet above the knees and never knew there was so much poison ivy in the universe.  Do you remember Ed Norton from the old Honeymooners series in the 50s?  He was a sewer worker.  I kept thinking of him.  Go slow so you dont have to do it twice.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle   p About a quarter of the way through, I was approaching the three huge powerplant smokestacks by Lake Julian, and my heart just sank.  They wouldnt do that to me would they?  Well, youll see. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p I took Clifford the Big Red Dog Travel Bug,the Trail of Tears Cherokee legends book and a US Marshals pin.  If you do this one, you deserve more than a key chain or pen with advertising on it.  I left a confederate flag bandana, a 1960 Kennedy campaign button I had been saving, several Mardi Gras coins, a few minor trinkets, and a brand new Leatherman tool.  This is a special cache.  It should be treated as such.  It is the worst thing youll ever love. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  p  last edit  5 28 2002 1 06 48 PM PST 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Hello All!!! IndianaLee here... As of 4 19 02, the infamous which means In Famous.. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   TUBE TORCHER is back on line!!! I went and found the best operative that I could find  ME img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  , and with surgical precision, carried out the BIG FIX!!! The coords are in the same site... but just about 2 feet from where they were previously... There should be no more problems with that particular clue!!! A BIG thanks to Trailrunner for pointing it out to us!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br HAPPY HUNTING!!!   IndianaLee 
  -  Oh   My   God!  This was an incredible cache from start to finish.  What an adrenaline rush!  I am amazed at the creativity of Crotalus Rex and Indiana Lee.  To think of those places and to put that all together so well as an entire package   wow.  I think it will be difficult for anyone to ever match this one.  It gets better and better as you go.  The finale had me a little concerned and I had the same reaction that Wanderlust mentioned earlier.  Was all the training sufficient??  Was it even possible to do it alone?   p I started this one on Monday afternoon with another hunter and finished this afternoon on my own, about 4 hours total.  This cache was very educational.  I learned a lot about things Ive given little thought to in the past and have experienced things I never imagined. p I took the Mini Me geotraveler and dropped of the Clifford the Big Red Dog travel bug. br   
  -  Made it to step 5 today with another hunter and found that erosion has removed part of the longitude portion of the coordinates.  The only legible numbers are the 3 digits after the decimal place for the minutes.  While it may be possible to guess the values, Id much prefer to know for sure.  Can you please e mail me to confirm that the degrees and whole number part of the minutes are the same as those found in step 4. 
  -  Finally!! br I have had to do this cache one small piece at a time because of my schedule.  So, every weekend for the past month  when it wasnt raining  I would drive to the area and complete another piece of this puzzle. I snuck away from work early today in order to finish the last couple of stages of this torturous cache.  I must say that the time, effort and attention to details is a tribute to the sadistic minds of Crotalus Rex and Indiana Lee.  You guys are Sick, Sick, Sick!   But in a good way.   Thanks for a wonderful experience.  Now a note to Geocachers who are thinking about this journey. p  br Heed all the advice given in the instructions, at least make sure you have the following  br 1. Headlamp br 2. Kneepads br 3. Mild to moderate Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. p What you will not need  br 1. Common Sense p DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS CACHE EVEN AFTER A LIGHT RAIN! p I completed one phase after a brief shower and thought I was going to die img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle .  I think my life passed before my eyes  it was just to dark to see it . p I left two U.S. Marshal lapel pins and one rubber spider.  I took the traveling bulldog  a good home is forthcoming . p Thanks again, br Moon p  last edit  3 25 2002 5 53 18 PM PST 
  -  Well, you guys outdid yourself on this one! I think the word Torcher was misspelled & should have been TORTURE! All caches Ive been on were great but this one definitely had a uniqueness all its own. Follow their advice to the tee & by all means take kneepads & a bright light. It was really a hoot to go through this. br Like Spyder said I dropped the friggin compass down a hole so took the Batman & left a light to clip on your cap, Coleman light key chain, 50 cent piece & Miss Addys trademark butterfly. Would have left even more but thats all I had in my pocket. Ill have to owe yall one. Man I needed a good compass too! br Anyways, this was a fun cache & I would highly recommend it to anyone willing. Give it a try, youll love it! br Pics coming soon!
  -  WOW,WHAT A HUNT.THIS HAS BEEN THE MOST INTRIGUEING CACHE YET.C.REX MY HATS OFF TO YOU. LTL JON AND I STARTED OFF THIS MORNING,COOL,WIND BLOWING.WE HAD ALREADY DECIDED WE KNEW WHERE TO START BUT COULD NOT HAVE KNOWN WHERE IT WOULD END.I PICKED THE WRONG TUBE FIRST,THEN IT WAS ON. I COMMEND YOU ON THIS ONE.I TOOK THE SNAKE,JON TOOK THE COMPASS,WHOOPS WOULD HAVE BUT DROPPED IT DOWN A CRACK WHAT A SCORCHER.HE DECIDED TO TAKE BATMAN INSTEAD.I LEFT       SPYDERS,MULTI TOOL AND TAPE MEASURE KEY CHAIN. br        THANX AGAIN 
  -  1st to find!! Our 100th cache!!  Oh man, I am still so unbelievably psyched from this hunt!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST GEOCACHE HUNT WE HAVE DONE! IT IS THE MOST GRUELING, STRESSFUL, AND BONE WEARY TREK AROUND! For all future hunters, please heed ALL of C. Rexs and Indiana Lees words! If you are scared of heights, this cache will possibly flip you out. If you are uncomfortable in tight, dark, muddy and wet places, this cache will DEFINITELY flip you out.  br   Is it a good sign to have skin abrasions and mild bleeding on the very first stage?! Yes, all you future hunters, when you arrive at the first set of coords. and get what you need, those dried bloodstains are those of yours truly!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  I did the first 2 stages by myself beginning around 8 30 this a.m.  Laughing Moon joined me around noon at the location for the 3rd stage. From that point, we journeyed together for the rest of the hunt.  I used no rope or harness at any point but there were a couple of places that in retrospect, I wish I had brought one. We used 100% stealth at ALL times. Usually we did not even share words but worked out a code of gestures and motions.  br At the coords of the final resting place of the cache, I saw what I suspected was our final leg of the journey based on the rest of the trip. My thought  You gotta be sh#*!$ me!! Was my terrifying assumption correct?!?! Maybe ...maybe not!!!GET OUT THERE AND FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF!!! HA, HA, HA!! br    We now have Homer and the deer hunting book. We left an engineers lensatic compass and Aldous Huxley book. We finished the hunt around 2 30pm. br A great blue heron blessed us at the finale. It sat 20 feet from the cache. Truly magical. p           Tired, sore, bruised, scraped, but ABSOLUTELY GIDDY, p                     Wanderlust and Laughing Moon p  br  last edit  3 15 2002 1 20 02 PM PST 
  -  Note  GMI Bulldog Traveler dropped off in this brand new cache!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  He is waiting to go find a cool place to leave his mark!!!  IndianaLee
GC459: 
  name: Occoneechee Cave Dweller by egw@mebtel.net
  url: http://www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?ID=1113&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Finding the right trail was a bit of a challenge. Turns out Ive visited this cave before during a hike led by the Eno River Association several years ago. Its rumored that a panther once inhabited the area.
  -  Well... not knowing the park, I thought the road would get me the closest to the cave.  Trust me... that is NOT the correct route.  You should take the trail.  After getting to the top of the mountain, I made the decision to bushwhach to the cave.  It was not too bad but it is very rocky.  I did good until I came to the ravine.  The cave was on the OTHER side of the ravine.  I had to go back up and around to get there.  Pretty neat area.
  -  Tough trek but a great day to hike.
  -  Found the cave, overcast day but very nice trek. TY!
  -  This is what geocaching is all about. p It was a beautiful day, so we decided it was time to knock out Hole in my Bucket and this one as well.  We did not have a map of the park, so after hitting Hole in my Bucket, we decided to bushwhack in a straight shot to Cave Dweller. We were able to follow the occasional deer path, but spent a lot of time ducking branches and slipping on leaves.  What a great adventure! We ended up on a steep ledge above the cave and found the fort mentioned by others. It looked deserted.  Another log suggested it might be a homeless persons dwelling, but that would be quite a hike for someone to get out for food! Im thinking it was either a crafty kids fort or maybe even someone avoiding the law for a while  picture of the fort is attached .  We also took some pictures of the surrounding area where the springs creek falls. We followed the path back out which was indeed longer but less challenging. Thanks so much for the hunt!  Bummer that the park ranger ganked the actual cache, but getting there is 99.9% of the fun anyway! FYI, we trashed out a stray peice of PVC found along the path   should help make your point!
  -  Found the cave. Cache is no longer there. There was a note from The Hunters. Took the golf ball left by them and left some golf tees.  p Great hike to the case
  -  First time to Occoneechee State Park. Great area even with all the I 85 noise pollution. Went to the towers and went down from that location, cutting back and forth until reaching the ravine. Very steep area but, the cave and the surrounding area made it worth the hike. Noticed a homeless camp across from the cave, about 10 feet up the hill. Looked abandoned. Spent additional time hiking the rest of the trails, plan on going back. Thanks. 
  -  A Little late logging but found on a day of caching with LHN. Thanks for the cache. p rldill
  -  I guess the cave is park property   it is unclear who owns it & no signs warning you off...anyhow it was interesting.
  -  The horsegeeks took the hard way down.  We first went to the towers and decided that was going to be too hard.  We went down to the closed overlook and went down that trail.  That was quite a steep descent into the cave mouth but we made it.  Going that way is probably a four star, at least our bodies said that when we got back up to the top of the trail.  We enjoyed the trip very much and am glad we decided to go ahead and try it.  This is truly a beautiful area.  Thanks very much for the challenge
  -  Did cache with Dog Cache rrs. I was a little apprehensive to look for this since the last find was Dec 03. The owner should note that “Occoneechee Cliffhanger” cache must not exist anymore. So we weren’t able to use that as a starting point. We used a trail map from the park website. The trail that we should have taken isn’t on that map. We only found it because we came that way on the way back. When we noticed the overlook trails closed, we tried to go around. The route we took went up the road, by the tower at the top of the mountain and down along the edge of the park boundaries. We were bush whacking along steep terrain. We came right down onto the cave. We went back along the river. Total hike was 3 hours. This was a beautiful place. 
  -  This was a very cool hike to get to the cave.  We ran into the ranger at the overlook.  First of all, he was very appreciative that our canine cachers were leashed.  Apparently the head ranger has a real pet peeve about unleashed dogs roaming the park, which we can understand.  Then he helped steer us in the correct direction to get down by the river. We ran into the end of park sign, but figured we had implied permission to continue on the path; there was no posted sign denying us access.  Quickly found the cave  is this back in the park? , snapped some pics, and ventuerd back.  That is a real nice hike along the base of the overlook!  Thanks for showing this to us  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -   br If you come in by way of the official park trails you will come to a sign  Park ends. Enter private property with permission only.  br GPSr showed that cache was 250 ft beyond this spot. br Nice park, great trails. Nice day hiking. br  
  -  Its not clear if this cave is on the property of the park or the private property that abuts it.  There was a bit of pink flagging a bit upslope from the cave that, if it denotes the park boundary, means the cave is on private property.  But, if the ranger removed the cache because it was littering, maybe it is on the ground of the park.  In any case, I found it and have included a pic.  It was a beautiful day for a walk! p Geodendro
  -  Came in via the easier river route.  Interesting spot.  Id always heard the stories that Orange High is called the Panthers, because this was once the fabled home of one.  p NCTreker
  -  Nice day for a hike to this beautiful spot, despite nearly sliding into the river while crossing a muddy stream.   
  -   A HREF http   operationorange.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Looked for this once before from the top of the park, but didnt think we would have to bushwack to find it, and gave up.  After reading about coming in along the river, we gave it another try tonight and went right to it.  What a beautiful spot!
  -   A HREF http   www.ibiblio.org sallad gallery occoneechee target _blank Users web page  A  br Helixblue took my friend and I to this cache Saturday.  He made us walk to the top first to get to the highest point in Orange County and we bushed whacked down to the cave.  It is the coolest cache Ive found so far   its a beautiful area.  Thanks. p We found a digital camera photo card on the rock slide area   if you lost one, let us know.  The pics are still viewable.    p Visit my website for photos from this cache. p  last edit  9 1 2003 11 27 13 PM PST 
  -  Team webfargo searched this one out a while back but we forgot to log it.  I hope I have the date right.  After crawling around on the rocks we found the cave.  We certainly came in the hard way from the top but took the easy way out by the river.  Thanks for the cache. p Team webfargo
  -  Red Wolf Team  1 20 03  17th find br Harold,Marie,Elizabeth,and Sugar. br This was a very nice walk. The last 200 feet was br fairly rough. This was a very interesting place. br There was no cache in the cave and this has been br reported by others. The cave was well worth the walk. This was the first of our 3 finds today. br Thanks for the fun.
  -  Bummer  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle   After finally finding the entrance off Virginia Cates Road, we were greeted by a sign on the closed gate   Occoneechee State Park is still closed, because of damage from the ice storm Dec. 4. 
  -  Been planning on checking this one out for some time. Finally made it out there today. Pretty neat little state park. Place was very clean all throughout. Came in via river route and left going up the rocks. Nice hike! BTW, there is no cache at this location, you may want to convert this into a virtual cache!
  -  w  Shawnct
  -  We walked all the way to the mountain top, then walked down to the cliff. After all of that we decided to abandon the cache with the distance and terrain left. We were tired, plus it was getting real late. Maybe we will look for an easier way in, in the future.
  -  Took the easier route along the river to this cave site. Lots of trash and not much of a trail. Great pace for real cache but the grafitti is spooky. The cliff route up into the state park looked treacherous. p Another vote for this little used and virtually non existent state park. Cut the budget by closing down this place, sell the rangers truck and sell his house.
  -  We had as much of a time finding the park as we did finding the cave.  Usually we use the GPS to get us close then start looking for signs.  We saw no signs showing the road to the park so we ended up making several trips around the area.  p We took the slippery route to get to the cave, then decided to seek an alternative way out  along the river .  The alternative was longer but much less steep.  We ran into one area that was just covered with broken glass  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle .  Thankfully Trixie didnt hurt her paws. p After reading the previous cachers remarks about the ranger removing caches in this park because it is considered littering, I couldnt help but wonder one thing   Why does the ranger go so far out of his way to pick up litter img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle   when there was plenty along all the trails? p All in all we thought this was a good cache site, but we werent too impressed with the park because of the glass, trash, some graphiti, and the fact the trails were poorly marked.  The rating on this cache is accurate, but it should also be changed to a virtual cache since the physical cache has been removed. p  last edit  9 28 2002 1 26 48 PM PST  p  last edit  9 28 2002 1 28 20 PM PST 
  -  Came in by the river route after doing the Exchange Club cache. Great spot! Saw two box turtles along the trail, and something made a big splash in the river   snake dropping from tree? Fish? Turtle? Well never know!
  -  My friend and I went down the hard way from the cliff.  Cool place.  Great exercise going back up.  Reminded me of some the trails in the Linville Gorge Wilderness.  Like previous, no cache, but very cool place.  Dont let the rating scare you, it is worth the visit just to hike in this park. p The Abbie Dogs p  last edit  7 28 2002 7 11 10 PM PST 
  -   STRONG N 36° 03.861 W 079° 07.293  STRONG  br This is a fantasic hike to the cave.  The trail is a great walk and I was beginning to think that this was going to be an easy one.  As soon as I jumped off of the trail it got pretty difficult.  Lots of thick underbrush and pretty steep.  The given coordinates are a bit off but I figured out where the cave should be.  Found it and went in, as all of the other logs say, the cache is not in the cave.  Looked in every place possible and it definitly was not there...  p After reading all of the other logs just now I notice  one that says the cache was taken by the Ranger because it was littering.  Oh well, it was a fun hike none the less. p  last edit  7 28 2002 2 28 05 PM PST  p  last edit  7 28 2002 2 33 47 PM PST  p  last edit  7 28 2002 2 35 17 PM PST 
  -  hit this one after no cache cache.  As im hiking UP the trail, im thinking most caves are lower, near water.  Boy, was I right. Followed the painted boundry trees down the ravine.  Found the cave, the hike back up was very invigorating.  Mrs Fishingfool rescued a turtle at the top.  He had crawed upto a metal ladder laying on the ground, and seamed stuck.  His legs were moving but he wasnt.  Put him on the other side and he crawled away.  Thanks for the hunt, p Fishingfools  
  -  Went here after the no cache cache. Found the cave but couldnt see anything inside except the graffitti. It was a nice day for a walk and we hadnt been to the park since they had the rock slide so that was interesting to see. p  last edit  5 6 2002 7 35 37 AM PST 
  -  We found the cave.  A sixth grader on the hike says he had been there several times with other groups.  Nice place that is definitly outside the park boundries.
  -  Great walk! Found the cave, not the cache   I suspect its been found by local wildlife. The old graffiti on the wall has been marked out with spray paint and now reads ha ha, and the cache is nowhere to be found, either in the cave or immediate vicinity.  br Nevertheless, a great spot to visit and a nice walk in the bargain. p ez
  -  Great place for a cache! We found the cave and looked in every nook and cranny, but, could not find the cache. Still, it was a beautiful day for a walk and we all enjoyed being out there  especially the dog .We highly recomend this one, cache or no cache. DO take a trash bag with you as there is plenty to pick up, especially along the lower trails  less evolved primates carrying Milwaukees Best must have a hard time with the more elevated terrain . p  last edit  4 7 2002 5 56 19 AM PST 
  -  We hiked in from the bridge riverside also. This quickly turned into a great trek.  We enjoy the rock scrambling and going at things different ways.  We came to the sign that said end of park. GPS said around the corner.. soooo we back a bit till we saw a break  and went up the hill and then along it. Came out above the rocks where the cave is. Peeked in didnt leave any permanent graffitti, just scratched initials on the side. br Absolutley a great hike. Left by going down and followed the river bank back. Should have taken one of the paths along the ridge.  Too much junk. br Still thanks for posting this location. p Wed like to thank Jeremy for getting this going and all you Geoers who take the time to find and set up the hides. Were learning and picked a spot for our first on our way back from the Grassy Knoll. Soon.....
  -  This is a great spot. I attacked it from a different direction, coming in along the river, and parking by the roadway bridge northeast of the park. This is a very nice way to come in. You get a good view of the quarry from its base, and the approach to the cave is relatively easy. p There is a bit of local  West Hillsborough  lore associated with the cave, which is known as Panther Cave or Panthers Den. Legend has it that years ago a panther was terrifying the town with its nightly screams, and that one night a hunter situated himself above the beasts lair  the cave  and waited until it came out, at which point he shot it dead. No one seems to know who did the deed, so the tale will have to remain legend rather than history per se ; . p The cave is also a key element in Doug Marlettes novel, The Bridge.  p  This entry was edited by LivingHistory on Sunday, February 29, 2004 at 5 10 05 AM. 
  -   A HREF http   profile.sh  target _blank Users web page  A  br THIS PLACE IS THE BOMB! Best geocaching ever, even if there wasnt anything. I highly recommend going to this one first, using the high point of the park as a starting point. When your done here,  go by and  climb up the rock quarry to hike to the NoCache location. p Beautiful scenery.. I took a ton of photos  br    a href http   profile.sh photos 2002 02 09 NC Geocaching_Session_II  target _blank visit link  a    p Thanks for showing me the most beautiful spot near the triangle, imho. p 
  -   Nice place to go for a hike, helixblue and I hiked up to the top of the hill just to say weve been in the highest spot in Orange country, then headed down the side towards the cache...   If you want to take the easy way, go to Theres a hole in my bucket  Waypoint GC2EC5  first, then follow the trails around to this cache... if you follow the trails, youll have to leave park boundries for a few minutes... I doubt this would be a problem though.  Very nice places along the river to sit and relax after the hike down the hill... there are easier ways though, but that takes all the fun out    
  -  Well I knew there wasnt anything to find except the hole ... but it was a nice hike down to it. Shame it was removed ... real shame. But I didnt come away empty handed ... two french fry cups and a hamburger wrapper. Deposited back at the parking area.
  -  This cache was taken by the ranger of the Occoneechee park. I spoke with the ranger who said leaving a cache in a public park without permission of the ranger amounts to littering. He also took Cliffhanger. A pretty silly rule in my opinion. He further added that this cache is actually on private property and attempting to locate it was trespassing. Please respect private property and the rules of the park  even it we dont agree with them . This is a great park and I highly recommend it. Please visit my No Cache Cache in this park to visit the park and take some time to hike on some of the best trails in the triangle. br 
  -  Found the site but as mentioned before the cache is gone or I didnt reach in far enough. Nice hike though! 
  -  We found the cave  we think  but no cache  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  But I must say the trip was worth it.  This is a GREAT spot and we had tons of fun exploring this park.  I am not sure if someone moved the cache or what because we found what was in all the clues.  Or maybe we just missed.  Regradless it so sooo fun!  I urge all to go see this place.
  -  I never would have found the park let alone the cache had it not been for Geocaching and I only live 20 miles away. It was great to find new trails to hike and some extra large cave crickets. Whats the etiquette on replacing some one elses cache? Id like to see it start up again here. Happy Trails.
  -  I also found cave and didnt realize the cache was gone as I did not have the clues.  I agree, it was a cool spot.  I went cross country from the main road the first time.  I went back to the car by following the hill to get my light.  I then remembered that one of the caches in the area the ranger had taken and I tried to track them down with no luck.  Anyway, great spot.
  -  I am glad that the caches page is still working.  I went just to check out the cave and the surrounding area.  Even though the cache is gone, it is still a neat place to find.  There arnt that many caves in this area.  For future visitors, there is a really neat tree root growing into the cave from the ceiling.  Go in deep and look up  need flashlight .  Watch out for spiders though.  I had forgotten to bring my compass and I found the cave just by following likely trails in the right direction.  Watch the poison ivy!!!
  -  Took a flashlight and couldnt find it either. 
  -  Found the cave, but no cache       br Snagged maybe? br It was worth the effort just for the hike though.  
  -  What a great cache site! The ravine, stream and cave make for one of the most scenic places at the park. This was the second cache we found today – we went to the Cliffhanger cache first. It took some poking around in the cave to find where the cache was stored, but I eventually found it. Future visitors may want to bring some sort of flashlight for this one – its a little dark. We left a golden dollar coin and took the little calculator. This cache is not as well stocked as the Cliffhanger, but it was definitely worth the trek. This is the best cache at this park, and the best one weve been to yet! I placed the cache in the same spot I found it  in the cave , but with the white top facing out. The next visitor should hopefully see this one a little better than I did  it took a minute to find it . No critters in the cave this time – but be careful when you go in. This one is highly recommended!
  -   A HREF http   www.asteroidwranglers.com ~wtaylor geocache  target _blank Users web page  A  br this is a great cache to pair up with the Occoneechee Cliffhanger.  I recommend you do the cliffhanger first and work your way over to the Cave Dweller.  The little stream going through the ravine is exotic!  I left a geo ball, a piece of art.  Thanks for adding this cache to Occoneechee, it makes the trip worth it.
  -  a.k.a. Occoneechee Head Banger. After examining the contents of the cache, I stood up  forgetting about the rock outcropping just over my head . I left a Beanie Babie, a Serenity Now bumber sticker, a treasure chest toy box, and a trail of BLOOD. Took home some candy, a flashlight, and FIVE STICHES in my head. Yes, really! The hike and the search for the cache were alot of fun. The 2 hours in Urgent Care sucked. I wanted to share the adventure and the story, but I dont want to scare anyone off. It was my own dumb fault. Just BE CAREFUL.
  -  A St. Patty’s day search for the pot of cache turned out to be loads of fun for my son and me. After finding the Cliffhanger Cache, this one turned out to be much easier.  Very interesting place. Great spot for the Cache. p 
  -  Found this one with mpyre9.  We were the first!  My advice is to take a flashlight...unless you like to stick your hands in dark holes.
  -  First ones to find this cache.  A cloudy day, but perfect temperature.  The views were beautiful.  Cant wait to go there again in the Spring. A and I took some candy, left some cash in the cache.  Proud that we were the first in this virgin hole.  Great location.  Check out the landslide as well.  Absolutely fantastic.
GC2B19: 
  name: HIGH WATER JACKPOT by SPYDER  AND SUSAN
  url: http://www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?ID=11033&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  The Crew gave this one a valiant effort.  The stream was uncooperative and wouldnt let us cross, leaving us stuck as good as a world away from our find.  The male did manage to nearly get killed while walking close to the edge.  Wet stones, high winds, and the planetary alignments were all factors in this.  The male did nothing to contribute to this misfortune.  The female spent her time watching the uncoordinated Midgets slip and fall on cue.  The Crew will attempt to put this site into the win column when the stream will cooperate.  Site was a beautiful place. TFTH!
  -  What a beautiful little spot. Great swimming hole. We have been getting wet all week caching, what fun. We dont have places like this in Maryland. p Took advise from Two Bear Cubs and after poking around had no trouble finding this one. Great hide. p Great spot to spend a little time, but we got out just as about 50 high school girls were coming down to the falls in their bathing suits. p Thanks for the cache.
  -   STRONG N 35° 57.602 W 081° 51.753  STRONG  br I was about to say that Two Bear Cubs did not log the correct date she found this cache, but I see that she has edited it. I think she has made this  i terrible  i  cache logging blunder before.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p Mr. PBJ and I passed the Two Bear Cubs on the way down. He showed me the rock that Mrs. PBJ stood on to get better satellite reception since there are many possible rocks it could have been. It didnt take but maybe five minutes to find it after that. p I marked the coordinates I had at the cache site above, which may be useful for future seekers. The accuracy was about 35 feet. p Thanks again!
  -  Weeeha!  Ive been wanting to do this one for a long, long time.  Cant believe all the time Ive lived here Ive never seen these falls and man, they are GORGEOUS.  Some of the prettiest around  even better than Linville I think. p Great opportunity to discuss w  the cubs how we use our ears and our good judgement on the trial.  Do you see the danger?  No?  Do you hear the danger?  YES!   p Cub #2 took a happy meal toy that has been the light of his life for the last 24 hours.  Go figure.   p Left a couple of happy meal toys and pretty obnoxious large magnet postcard.  Last stop for gas on the Parkway  just imagine. p Found in quick order thanks to a very important clue from MrPBJ   cross the bridge.  What bridge?  But we got the idea.  Crossed, turned off GPS and followed clue.  Only took about 15 minutes including picture stop where cub #1 said Why would you risk our lives for a picture?  He is sooo melodramatic for a 6 year old. p Thanks Spyder!  Great fun! p  This entry was edited by Two Bear Cubs on Monday, May 09, 2005 at 11 17 55 AM. 
  -  I spent about 3 hours here. I enjoyed the falls and the climbing around on the rocks and in the woods.  p I started out on the Upper Falls trail since mr007s said in his log that he took the Lower Falls trail and had bad luck. I read some of the other logs to get some clues such as the coordinates being off by 145 or 89 feet. Because of that, I looked through the logs for anyone who left their own coordinates. I saw that the Florida Winos left their own, but they seemed to be even more off. I guess that should be expected from winos.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle    p I didnt have much trouble with getting good accuracy, but that didnt help me with determining which side of the creek the cache is on. I tried to reenact PBJs stepping out on a large rock to get a better GPS reading, but there are so many places to do that. p I think Ill check out the lower falls next time, even if its harder to get to the cache from there.  p Thanks.
  -  The printout I carried with me today was made in Janurary, 2004. Thats how long I been waiting to tackle this one. I have trout fished this area on ocassion and knew what I was in fore, I thought. I figured to go the lower falls trail and cross over near the cache area. NOT TOO GOOD! After getting good and wet, I started my search. Remember now, it was cold as a witches ??? and the wind was up too. I found out real quick that the Gpser wasnt going to be any help. One of the reasons for going for it in December was for the tree cover to lessen. Well, I didnt figure that one right either. I checked the hint and noticed numerous areas that needed to be check. With freezing feet and fingers I was considering giving up after 90 minutes. As I was searching for the trail out I looked in one more place and guess what was there. OJC said it right  The cache is usually the last place you look. It sure was today. Thanks for the challenge and the workout. I traded a tape measure key ring for a DOG tag. The first page in the log book read We hope you always remember this hunt. You can bet on it.  br  mr007s,,,,,Life is Good  
  -  I had to use the clues, read the comments of all the people who had found the cache  several times  to get this one.  My GPS readings were all over the place, when I had signal that is.  It was blowing snow and cold.  As with any difficult find, the reward in finding this one was above and beyond the others.  I will say that my GPS really let me down.  When I put it on top of the cache, it told me that I was 145 away.  I will take luck and good clues any day.
  -  The Falls were great and we loved the hike, the view, the water.  But the cache?  As previously mentioned, there are 1,000s of rocks, nooks, and logs.  I think from the previous log and its associated photos, we were on the wrong side of the river. br The MV Doulos Bunch
  -   br Oh Yes!!! This was one determined family. I think well be changing our site name to Raiders of the lost Cache because we feel so good right now. This one was really hard to find with the GPSr. Our readings were wacky and we spent a couple hours just poking around in the woods and sliding on our behinds. Not to mention the fact that there seems to be a log by every large rock in this forest and nooks? Well, we found them all and only one has the cache. I tell you what, we gave up after about 2.5 hours of stumbling around in the woods, falling down rocks and ducking into nooks. It was the grace of God that brought us to this one. We decided to leave going a totally different direction, we crossed the rocks and tried the other side hoping it would be easier to get out then the way we came in, and on the way I had to step out on a large rock to get my gps signal back, get that... a LARGE ROCK, which had a log by it, get that...A LOG, and when my GPS got its readings we were right on it. Go figure, there really is a rock and log here that arent a wrong turn. Anyways, we had fun, it started raining and thundering within the first 30 minutes of our arrival but we kept on keeping on through the storm and found it right about the time the sky turned black and the lightening flashed. It really should have been quite simple to find. Easy to say now, but we definately went about this one wrong. So we took the marbles, flashlight, and keychain and left sparklers, a paint set, and GOD Dog Tag style necklace. We also left some skin on the rocks & trees, mostly from our shins and knees. Thanks for the great adventure. Check out the pictures. We took a few. p  This entry was edited by PBJ & the Chips on Saturday, June 12, 2004 at 5 43 00 PM. 
  -  Beautiful hike and falls but we could not find it either. br We took the upper falls trail, was that correct? p It was also unclear when to leave the trail. We left the trail just before it ended at the top of the falls and had tough going through under brush. Also we found a large rock in the area of the coordinates but we could not see the falls from there. It looked like a steep drop to get any closer to the water and I could not see through the trees very well. I didnt want to fall into the water and go over the falls. p You may want to give some better hints, or a photo. Also clear directions on where to leave the main trail would be good. There seems to be a real danger of someone getting hurt here. p Thanks
  -  Checked cache today, the falls were covered in ice which made for a xtra beautiful view. Cache was intact and still in same location. I added another hint for those having trouble.
  -  This one was a toughy.  My dad said we should have looked on these rocks that were about one hundred feet away from the falls.  I said we should have gotten closer, but he wouldnt listen.  We did, however, find a rope in the water that we could have sworn to be it.  It wasnt.  Oh, well.  Well try again.  And this time, well actually go to the falls.
  -  This one was a big, fat DNF!  My GPS indicated being 50 ft out of position when we stood on what we believed to be the rock mentioned in the clue.  We looked in nooks and even a few crannies for about 30 minutes and would have looked longer, but we wanted to do Table Rock Mtn cache before dark.  We got pretty excited when we found a piece of 11mm static line submerged in the river, but SIGH, nothing was attached.  Ill return to this cache,  with my fishing rod , based on clues from previous logs.  We trashed out the rope, an old shoe, etc and stopped to dismantle a disgusting fire ring.  This was a nice hike, but a tough hunt.  The 3 1 2 stars are well deserved.  I would hate to see a 5!  SM Troop 899
  -  Beautiful day!!! Weather was absolutley perfect and the trees were at or just past peak colors. Slippery though on the trails. Found it fairly easily. First time hunting with our new 10 week old Jackson Siberian Husky puppy . Our old friend Jack was so sick kidneys  that we choose to put him to sleep since we foung table Rock cache. He is and will be terribly missed.Jimmy found this one quickly and Sarah, Lynda and I took a lighter, a pin, a tic tac and a dollar. We left a mini comp book, a blue sharpie, black sharpie and an American flag. Lots of people coming and going but we awerent disturbed while writing in the log. 
  -  WOW! What a hike. Didnt find the cache, but still a fun hike. Have you been to the bottom of the falls? My wife has, literally! Thanks for a lot of fun though. p Askani and Rouge p  This entry was edited by Clan Askani on Tuesday, October 28, 2003 at 7 15 02 PM. 
  -  THIS WAS OUR FOURTH FIND WHILE ON VACATION THIS WEEK. THIS ONE WAS THE MOST CHALLENGING. WE LOOKED FOR IT ON THREE DIFFERENT BEFORE FINDING IT. WE TRIED THE UPPER TRAIL, THEN THE LOWER TRAIL. THE GPS JUST DOES NOT WORK UNDER THE TREE COVER. WE WENT TO THE COLLEGE IN BANNER ELK TO LOG BACK UP AND LOOK FOR SOME MORE CLUES. THANKS FOR THE CREEK CROSSING CLUE. FOUND IT ON THE THIRD DAY AFTER CROSSING THE CREEK AT THE TOP OF THE FALLS. THE FALLS WERE AWESOME. TOOK SOME BEAUTIFUL PICTURES. WORDS JUST CAN NOT DESCRIBE THE FEELING YOU GET STANDING ON THE ROCK LOOKING UP AT THE FALLS. THIS FIND WAS TRULY WORTH THE EFFORT. MY WIFE, MOM AND DAD WERE WITH ME ON THIS ONE. EVERYONE WAS EXCITED.TOOK A FIGHTER JET AND LEFT A LIGHTER. ALSO USED THE CAMERA TO TAKE A PICTURE ON DAD AND ME. THANKS FOR THE ADVENTURE. HOPE TO GET BACK NEXT YEAR AND FIND THE OTHER CACHE NAER BY.CACHE IN GREAT SHAPE.
  -  WaaaaHoooo!  This was a great cache to choose for my 50th find. A nice hide in a beautiful area.  I like to come here during long cold spells to see the falls frozen up. Thanks Spyder and Susan for a very good hunt.  The box was uncovered but was hard to see due to its color and the shadows.  I didnt have much in the way of goodies, so I took nothing and left a JD keyring. Recovered well before leaving. p Didnt bother with the cache up the creek from br here this time.  It put a bad taste in my mouth last time.  Maybe in colder weather.  Thanks again.   OJC   edited for spelling  p  last edit  9 15 2003 1 33 43 PM PST  p  last edit  9 15 2003 1 53 51 PM PST 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle Tried for a while but looking closer at the directions I could possibly have been in the wrong area.  Like a former searcher it was hard to get a reading in there.  I had other caches to look for so I was running out of time.  Will have to come back and try again on a later date.
  -  My wife and I searched for this together and found it with little problems. Beautiful waterfall and sat and watched it and enjoyed the views. Took some pictures, viewed the cache, is in good shape, took some things, left some things and returned it to its hiding place. p RoynJoy
  -   STRONG N 35° 57.625 W 081° 51.917  STRONG  br Very hard to find! We couldnt get accurate readings down in the valley. we looked for about an hour 100 yds. upstream. we gave up and started to leave and found an easy place to cross the creek. we had decoded the message earlier and thought this matched the description.it took about 2 minutes to find once we crossed the creek. my GPS numbers were slightly different as indicated above. we took about 2ft of dental floss and left a cork. Bring some WD 40 because the lid is starting to get rusty. It was a real challange, but worth the hunt. 
  -  I may have made this one harder than it should have been.  My gps said it was in a place a little too dangerous to go to.  And, after getting wore out trying to find the upper cache, I just decided to enjoy the falls, which are absolutely great right now.  If youre ever coming up here, nows the time. p Thanks for the cache.
  -  Myself and a fellow Cacher  HENCHMAN 4  spent a hole day hunting. We planned on finding 21, but only manage to get 8 I think. Started at 3 am and stopped around 5 30 pm. What a day. This cache was great took a little bit too find, but we did it. Left my MARBLES, cache card and coin. Thanks for the hunt.  p  last edit  1 18 2003 1 51 15 AM PST 
  -  Wow, a tough hunt, but a great one! Found this on the way back from a 3 day backpacking trip in the Wilson Creek area. An ice cold swimming hole on a 90 degree day cant be beat!  p Took nothing, left nothing, but did snap my picture with the camera and sign the log.  Thanks for the hide. p Little Frog
  -  tried finding this one a couple of times the last few days.  It rained alot and the rocks were very slippery.  The etrex Legend could not find a signal even in direct view of the sky on top of the rocks.  we looked all over the nook but not lucky enough to find it.   br ratherBhiking
  -  Got within 100ft,searched what seemed forever even decoded hint looked on both sides of stream dangerous crossing never found GPS kept us confused. p  last edit  8 21 2002 11 58 32 AM PST  p  last edit  8 21 2002 11 59 44 AM PST 
  -  What a great place for a cache. Lots of nooks. My GPS MAP76 also showed it as being on the other side of falls. Had alot of company there. I had to be careful not to be seen. Was about to give up, as it was getting dark, when I found it. I removed the chronical, ate a candy cane, and left Winnie the Pooh. Once again GREAT PLACE.
  -  Came back for a second try after visiting another cache in the area with a friend  Brian from PA .  We decided to try this one again since I seemed so close the first time.  We looked in every crack and crevice and found nothing.  I remembered some of the pictures from the logs but didnt have them printed out.  Looking at them again shows that we could have been off a little.  We were disappointed but had fun climbing around anyway.  Has the cache owner checked the GPS coordinates again after all the questions about them being correct? br 
  -  Hiked around with the  pregnant  wife and our dog.  Great waterfalls with lots of trails.  My GPS was telling me that I was right on top of the cache but searched around to no avail.  It was a nice day, we wish we had brought our swimsuits.
  -  After the long hike the day before, this one was just what the doctor ordered.  Very campable area with lots of fun things to do and plenty of trails. br Cache was in good condition  although not where our GPSs thought it was   Besides datum it might be an issue of the cache placed in winter with no folage and we hunted for it in summer with full folage. br Still much fun was had by all.
  -  My Garmin eTrex Vista and my friends eTrex Legend both say that this cache is on the other side from where it actually is. Wonder if the correct datum was used? Anyway, after a helpful email hint to look on the other side and also reviewing the pictures from in the logs, I was able to find the cache without much difficulty at all. Friends left some stuff and took a book. Overall a nice cache, took the upper falls in and then the skirted the creek river to the lower falls out. Nice area!
  -  sigh My first failure.    Hopefully will be able to return tomorrow with other folks. Went there today by myself. Ill probably read the hint and look at the photos others have posted and see if the other folks can find it before I go ahead and cheat. Really disappointed I couldnt find it. BUT.... THIS IS WHY I STARTED GEOCACHING!!! Awesome little walk after I got off the trail and took the rough  really rough  trail down the right side from the top of the falls... too bad I couldnt actually find it. Couple of times my GPS said I was on top of it and it was accurate to within 20 feet... dunno... oh well. TOMORROW though!
  -  Found the cache after missing it the day before.  Was on wrong side of falls.  Great location and the falls and stream are beautiful. Good place to spend some time thinking. Took some items, left some items. May see you on the next find. p RCII 
  -  Forgot to mention I found the log pen in the leaves & also left another pen & pencil.
  -  Started out getting weird co ords. After about 200 on the trail the GPS said I was right on top of it. Turned it off & went by log memory & clue. Spent 1 hour looking under every nook around that creek & was ready to give up but decided to try GPS again. It took me back to where I had been searching & I finally found the right nook. br Showed to be 89 off but under this tree cover thats probably pretty good. Left a flashlight & butterfly from Miss Addy. Took the buffalo nickel. br Spyder never makes em easy but does make em interesting!
  -  Went back today to take my wife, AngelEyes76, to see the falls.  She loved it!  Also went back to cache and its still there.  Also took the digital camera with me and snapped some pictures of the falls and cache location to post on the site.  Thanks so much and enjoyed the 2nd visit just as much as the first!  Sure Ill be back soon, this time with the flyrod.
  -  Wow what an awesome spot!! We searched for about two hours...but obviously not good enough...no luck...the cache must be there judging from the log placed yesterday.  We searched all the nooks near where the GPS said was the site...then searched some more.  Finally gave up when I came to the conclusion that the cache was on the other side of the river...and I wasnt going to cross where I was at...if I did I would still be in tht river! Anyhow, even though we had no luck with the cache the hike and the falls was more than worth it!!! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Spectacular spot  I should have taken my camera  CrotalusRex and Coletrane1990 
  -  What a beautiful place!  Took the trail to the upper falls and upon arriving, discovered the cache was over the edge at the bottom of the lower falls and not the upper.  Had to cross the river above the falls  luckily I and my friend both had our waders , and go down the trail beside the falls.  GPS never picked up great  probably because of the ravine we were in .  Anyway found many big rocks to stand on and look at the falls, and even more nooks to look through and explore along the river.  Looked forever in the nooks along the river, when on a whim, I ventured off into the woods and found the cache!  I was determined never to give up though until my friend and I found it!  All in all, it took around an 30 min to an hour of searching before we found it.  Very well hidden.  Took a picture with the camera and the key ring, left a key ring.  Friend took CD and left a book.  Oh and thanks for introducing me and my friend to a new flyfishing spot!  We saw some trout  some quite large  and will be back soon to fish these falls!  Thanks again!!!!!
GCKXW6: 
  name: Bethel by Night by Zurcher
  url: http://www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?guid=1040971b-f63d-4cd8-ac5a-ce9c132cf0dd&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Virtual TB drop
  -  The end of stage one was the absolute best!!!  Bravo to a cache well done  in every aspect .  We missed the start entirely the first time past but once we got going we were doing good for a while.  A special thanks to Dustiano for putting us back on the path the first time and to Bry for figuring out the end of stage 1 and to kitty for spotting the red marker when we were all very frustrated!  This was definatly a team effort with everyone taking a turn spotting the markers and helping everyone along.  TFTC
  -  Log this very late as the night we went out to do this was the night we lost power.  Did not get it unitl 5 the next day so everything has been a hassle. p This was a fun cache to do in this group.  Took alot of brain power and a lot of percerviance by everyone to make this one pay off.  Everyone contributed to this one.  p Bry thanks for figureing out that first one.  That had to be the absolute best micro I have seen yet.   p All in all this was a great experience.
  -  This was truly genius! Every step on this cache was rewarding. This is definitely my favorite so far. Did I mention that I love the night cache, there is something about being in the woods in the middle of the night. br 
  -  #171 p Found with Brywalker, Desrock, kitty22cd, and the Nushies. Big effort on what would be one of my all time favorites. The hide at the end of the first trail was award winning!!!! Brywalker put it together before we could figure out what was going on! We almost gave up after finding the 2nd glint trail, and then losing it in the fog, rain, and lightning. There, we also came to a house straight out of The Ring. Not cool!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  Kitty spotted the lost component of our last glint trail right at the moment of giving up, saving the day and continuing our mission. It took every single one of us to put this together this morning... TNL Little Alien TB    TFTC!!!
  -  Brywalker hit the nail on the head!! If it wasnt for the group of us wandering through the woods with the determination that we had, we would not have completed this in one night  just under 4 hours from start to finish and we started with Preserve Willie the Wolf Pits.  And yes Brywalker does deserve an extra pat on the back for a few of these, but like I said and amazing team effort! Very, VERY rewarding!
  -  Wow. p No, really. WOW. p I cannot even begin to say how phenominal this cache is. Zurcher is a genius. As a group we had issues finding all of the reflectors   this is SUPER challenging. Stage 1, AMAZING. One of the best puzzles ever. Stage 2, WICKED HIDE! I wont pat myself on the back on any of this, I will let the others do it.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  We almost gave up at one point where we lost the trail and hiked up to a dirt road. We followed the road and saw the scariest house EVER. We split and went back to the last reflector. I started down a random direction and BAM! kitty22cd saw one right above my head   WE WERE BACK! We were a well oiled caching machine which would have failed without the work of the sum of its parts. Muggles yelling through the woods from the party next to the parking area...NO FUN! Great rush to the final, just an amazing journey all together. p I have to give ULTRA respect to Zurcher and those who found this alone with their sanity intact. It too a total of about 4 hours with 6 of us and that is including doing Preserve Willie the Wolfs Pits before it. Now I know why it is RJFerrets favorite cache. My greatest night of caching ever.
  -  Wow!!!!!the quest for a dog TB and finishing this cache is done.This was a lot of fun but there were somethings needed to do this one  br 5 trips to the Preserve br 2 sets of headlamp batteries br 8 bottles of water br 1 can of XS sort of like Red bull...but 0 calories  br 2 changes of flashhlight batteries br 1 change of GPS batteries br 1 gauze bandage #4 caught a rock  br Finally got the 2nd part tonight....de crypted the clue.... br again....understood it this time ......duuuuuhhhh Very cool hide.#4 picked out the start of the final,foliage really makes this a workout.Came to the final found easily.Took silver and magnet left Bug wipes tokens SL.Thanks for an excellent cache.We almost hated to finish it since it was so much fun. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br #4 here. Very clever yet very much a burden until we found it. Thanks for the hide. Im hoping for future Nightcaches from Zurcher.
  -  Tried for the dog tonight.....came up empty at the 2nd info micro....a doe kept us company while we looked kept hitting her eyes ...now that would be a good moving night cache. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br #4s headlamp died forgot batteries for that so well have to recharge and come back again.
  -  Could not resist, just had to put this TB here, at least for a while, in a way, saving it for the PROS? Come and get it !
  -  Thanks for checking. p Looks like Ill be making multiple trips to find this one too. p At least I can giggle at LisaS while she hunts the Paugussett series. p Thanks!
  -  Went in to check both information micros....both are in place, they made it thru winter in good condition.
  -  After enjoying a slightly backwards solution to Willies cache LisaS and I began the hunt. br Not an easy trail to follow.  The BFL was put to the test more than once to find the next way point.  LisaS and I worked as a team to work out way to the first micro.  I have to give LisaS a big hug for providing the kick in the pants I needed to FIND the micros location.  It took a bit of crativity to retrieve it from its location. br Off to stage two.  We hunted, and hunted, and hunted some more.  We finally had to admit defeat and tuck tail. br We will definitely be back! br Thanks!
  -  After doing Willie The Wolfs cache in the same park, Barefoot and I started this cache.  Unfortunately, we never did find Stage 2, despite wandering in circles for an hour.  By then, my feet were soaked after a full day of caching, and I was ready to pack it in.   We WILL be back to hunt for this again!   p  This entry was edited by LisaS on Sunday, March 20, 2005 at 5 21 32 PM. 
  -  Its up and running.
  -  Glad to see this one has FINALLY been listed.  Good things come to those who wait, I guess.  Thanks to the kind folks at the Bethel Land Trust for allowing a night cache here   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  p Though I am logging the find today, in fact I found it a couple of days later than RJ Ferret. p Honestly this is probably the best and most challenging night cache Ive ever done.   p Started at 3 00 AM   Got stuck on one stage for a long time.  Finally decided to go on a hunch, and wow      I dont want to spill the beans, but one part of this cache is pure genius.  I literally laughed out loud when I figured the secret out.  Just when I thought Id seen it all...Excellent!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle    p I continued on and found the coordinates to the final.   another excellent hide, BTW  By this time the sun was coming up, so I want able to track the reflectors anymore. p Came back the next night and invested another hour and a half following more reflectors.  Well worth it.  After a bit of a rock scramble, I had the final cache!!   p I dont remember what I took left, but I likely left some sort of silver coins. p This log entry is kind of vanilla, and I apologize.  But, this is a cache that I would recommend to any cacher who wants a challenge. I cant give details as it would give too much away. You really have to experience this one for yourself. p Thanks for an awesome cache, and for a great adventure.   p 
  -  Im glad finally to see this cache listed here...  In two years and 300+ caches Id never had a favorite till this one! p  a href http   www.navicache.com cgi bin db displaycache2.pl?CacheID 5576 target _blank Heres my original enthusiastic log from my pre approval find last November...  a  p This is the best geocache Ive ever done  the perfect balance between challenge yet rewarding.  I felt accomplished as I proceeded through each step stage.   p Thanks Zurcher!    Randy p  br 
  -  Permission received from president of the Bethel Land Trust  see below .  p       Original Message        br From   br To   br Sent  Saturday, February 19, 2005 12 48 PM br Subject  Wolfpits Geocache. p  br    br   Thhe Board of Directors of the Bethel Land Trsust, at the Feb,.16 meeting approved the geocache sites at the Wolfpits Preserve for both day and night use. While we do not anticipate any problems, the Bethel Land Trust reserves the right to cancel this permission at any time. br    br    br   John ONEILL br   President,Bethel Land Trust br 
  -  I spoke to John ONeil from br Bethel Land Trust, Inc.  br PO Box 332 br Bethel , CT 06801 0332 br Phone   203  748 3801  br Area of Operation  Bethel Newton p No further night cache will be allowed in this area until the policy is defined. p Michael br Groundspeak   The Language of Location p  br  This entry was edited by CO Admin on Thursday, November 04, 2004 at 6 33 34 PM. 
GC9C1D: 
  name: rldill 5 &quot;LOST IN THE DARK&quot; by rldill &amp; JOJO
  url: http://www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?guid=080f1857-39cf-4617-bdac-b10de5380b8d&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  We found the first stage easily enough and off we went in the wrong direction.  Quickly corrected our mistake and got back on the right trail.  Found the second stage, but not the hint.  No matter as we wondered around and found ourselves back on track.  The rest of the hunt went great.  Took a screwdriver and left some glow in the dark stars. Thanks for a fun cache. 
  -  Found tonight with maingray.  Boy did the kids enjoy this one and running around with flashlights.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Thanks to maingray for getting use back on trail.  This was a lot of fun.  Thanks very much for all the work to put this together. TFTH.  Took tape left glow in the dark snake  a mini car  and small light.
  -  Woo hoo. Closest unfound cache on the list now off the list! Great night time hunt, did it with cachebarne. The kids had a blast with their flashlights. Think there is a little bit missing still, but we recovered our way fine. Took science thing, left light up pen and Hot Wheels. SL! TFTC! 
  -  NICE! Been plannin on doin this one for weeks but somethings always come up. Kinda glad of that as we got the chance to cache with Night Hawk. Excellent cache! Thanks for a great first but not last night caching adventure. p X
  -  After a day in the woods... or parking lots... I stopped in to do another rldill night cache.  After I got out of the car and headed for the trailhead, I heard... are you Geocaching?  Wow... now I was NOT expecting to hear that.  Clan X Man and wife were pulling into the lot to seek this cache too.  We ALL searched together for this quality night cache by Rldill.  Thanks for seting this one up Roger... TFTH  TNLNSL
  -  One of several caches found w  Mandajan and Hambone after the event. This was a fun cache and I enjoyed walking through the park. Nicely done. TFTC. 
  -  Wow, what a fun cache.  We could not find the second clue, but we found the cache in the end.  Our youngest geocacher was a little wary of the night sounds, but the two adults and the Geodog had a blast.
  -  With a hint from the owner we were back on track and found the remainder of this one without any trouble. p T   Glow in the dark stars br L   Electricity Lab p  Actually our friend Davien who was with us, left the lab, she let us take the stars  p TFTCSL p Morgenes & Lost1
  -  Sought this one out with Morgenes. Great idea, but alas we were foiled at the end. Look forward to trying this one again.
  -  Last cache of the evening, and wow, what a great journey.  Got to what seemed to be the end, however couldnt find the cache.  Gonna send a message to the owner to see if I was right. p If nothing else, thanks for the journey.
  -  Well, tried but gave up with a couple of friends. We think we made some progress, but we didnt really get what we were looking for as this was our first geocache. Well definitely go back and try again!
  -  Awesome. I loved this experience, even though clue #2 was missing. Excellent cache management though, cache owner is right on top of it. Exciting and a bit scary at the same time hehe. My fiance  Bzbee  was with me. we took the bottle of glitter and left a green chemlight. 
  -  Took a Boy Scout patrol from Troop 39 Chapel Hill out to introduce them to geocaching. Clue # 2 is missing! Fortunately wed been here before, so gave then Clue #2 and let them find the cache. Took small flashlight and rubber band, left large packet of glow in the dark stars. p Came back during daylight today to look for Clue # 2 and have to report it is just *gone*, not washed away or misplaced. p Thanks again for a great cache. There are three new cachers out there stoked from their experience   p rvana
  -  What a great cache! It was a full moonlit night for us, and quite a lot of fun. Thanks for all the planning and prep work on this one. p We took the Verlaine geocoin and left a small maglight. p Rvana, Austin, and crew
  -  Just stopping by to drop off Geocoin Verlaine.  Meant to leave it when I was here in December but forgot. Thanks again for a cache placement thats a true treat!
  -  We LOVE night caches!  They are so much fun... and rldill is the absolute MASTER!  This was a cool night walk.  We may have missed the clue at the first location, but found our way anyhow.  We were startled by our feathered friends   the geese   as I suppose we startled them by being there at night.  Eerie being in the woods at night with our flashlights.  We didnt have glowy trade items, so we TNLN.  But we are very grateful for a wonderful time.  Thanks, Roger, for a great cache hunt!
  -  Started out to find this cache on the 10th    but had to leave before finishing. Came back today to wrap things up. Absolutely loved this cache and Im looking forward to doing another night cache soon! Signed log, left a package of glow in the dark stars, and took the mini Montana flashlight left by the folks who visited on the 11th. Thanks so much for the outrageously fun cache!
  -  Started this cache on the 10th but had to leave before finding the end.  Funny, we did not run into anyone out there with flashlights!  finished on the 11th with a friend. This was one of my all time favorite caches! Being in the dark in the woods was a bit Blair Witch but instead of being scared we laughed a lot. Thank you so much!  Are there any other night caches out there?  TN left mini Montana flashlight.
  -  What a fun cache   I went out with Horsegeeks, and we were very impressed by how this cache was put together.  Borrowed hubbys headlamp which was fun to use.  I took a spiderweb  seasonal  and a whistle  for my son, whos a bit young to stay up late enough to do this cache  and left a dolphin, some glitter, and I think a car.  TFTC!  Oh   and I might have left a black flashlight in a little case at the cache   let me know if you see it.
  -  We had been wanting to try this cache for ages and we had the opportunity tonight.  jklgoduke caught wind of our quest and met us there.  We enjoyed the night cache so very much.  We had good lights and walked right to each stage.  It will be a shame to loose this cache but we are glad we had the chance.  Thanks very much for the challenge.
  -  VERY COOL CACHE!  My first night cache  but not my first time night caching .  Came over with the last of the Caching Call group.  Had a bit of trouble figuring out where to go at the beginning, but we quickly figured it out and followed the trail to the cache.  Its sad this one will go away soon.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle   At least we managed to do it beforehand.  Thanks for a good cache.
  -  My first ever night specific cache and now one of my favorites.  The light showed the way. br Very well designed and implemented cache!! br Didnt have anything to fit the theme so TNLN. br Thanks for the neat cache!
  -  I was another of the hard core Caching Call gang. This is one cool cache. Id been meaning to do this one for quite a while, and I finally had the chance. We got thoroughly turned around at the first clue, until we deciphered the intent. But we were rewarded with a look at one of the biggest and most interesting spiders Ive ever seen. Just signed the log. Thanks for a fun hunt!
  -  Found with the Hardcore Caching Call gang. The rest were done in after supper!  Great cache, keep up the good work!! TN left JackCacheNC wooden nickle. Thanks! br 
  -  Looks like I am one of the first to log for the event. After a LONG day of hiking, getting lost, getting unlost, and more hiking, five of us went after this one in the dark.  about 9 30 10 pm  Found it after a little searching. The only problem was that we got into game traffic  NCSU UNC were playing while we were caching  and in said traffic our caravan  Ham_bone, Jackcachenc, and myself  were involved in a hit and run on 54 leaving Chapel Hill. Noone was hurt  thank goodness!! Instead of getting home around 11 as planned, we made it in at 1 40! 
  -  Had alot of fun doing this one after the event.  Scared a few geese & ducks.
  -  This was a first time for me on a fun run in the daylight . . . want to try one of these in the dark next time. Will mom let me go out, hope so! Thanks RLDLL for a good one   keep em coming! br Granpa Alex
  -  NOW THIS WAS A VERY KOOL CACHE.did it on the way back to roanoke,va after the event. very nice  thanks TNLNSL p  note  log wet in stage two..
  -  What a good night for a night cache...two of the stages were completely uncovered.  We did the best we could to rehide them.  We took the work gloves and left a knit cap.  Thanks for giving us the adventure.
  -  Checked on the cache tonight and replaced the faded instructions in 1 of the stages with a hand written note. Cache is still in place and in good shape. br Roger  rldill 
  -  Temporarily replaced the container. I will be reworking the cache some, and setting up a new night cache in the park soon. br rldill
  -  This cache has been plundered! p We took some additional stubborn orphans abord and went sailing over the darkening waters in search of this hidden treasure. Rldills signposts were there in all their shining glory, but the treasure chest had been looted. Some of the treasure was left scattered on the ground. We cleaned it up  cant bear to see good treasure go to waste , but the treasure chest is gone. br 
  -  Found it again.. p Helixblue and I took a friend visiting from Boston out to this cache and let her lead the way.  Interestingly enough, we discovered that he and I had completely missed the first step on the hike somehow...we had missed Ambers clue.
  -  What great fun!!!   We were rushing to beat an on coming thunderstorm.  The hints and clues were fantastic.  Found the cache in great shape and well hidden.  Took nothing, left a glowstick.  Everyone in the group loved this cache. The pond has yielded a fresh batch of little frogs so the paths were covered.    p NCTreker
  -  I was a bit confused on where to start because I have learned that my GPS goes a bit haywire the closer I get to the waypoint.  After I figured that out I easily found where clue one should have been, although I am not truly sure whether it was there or not because I was not sure what I was looking for.  Nevertheless it was easy to find clue 2 and follow the rest of the route to the cache and in the end, was a lot of fun.  Thanks for a fun cache.  TNLN
  -  We did one of your night time caches in the daytime and this one at night.  It is much more fun to do it at night.  We loved doing this cache, and we saw lots of beautiful white ducks and geese, as well as a number of people fishing. Found it at 9 00 p.m. TNLN.
  -   A HREF http   toadstool.sh  target _blank Users web page  A  br What a wicked cool cache. Once we got the right direction on the trail, it was a pretty easy find. We were a bit nervous about getting locked out, as we didnt get out till a little later than 11pm.  p Thanks for the cool cache   Need more night caches! br 
  -   A HREF http   www.ibiblio.org sallad gallery geocache target _blank Users web page  A  br Helixblue and I found this one together.  We had a good time walking around the park with our headlamps.  We took geocaching buttons and left a glow in the dark bat and glow in the dark 2d10 for those DND players out there. p  last edit  8 11 2003 11 06 50 AM PST 
  -  What a wonderful idea for a cache!  Once we found the first clue, it was fairly easy going.  We really appreciated the glow in the dark theme.  We left a Coleman lantern glow in the dark keychain and took a glowing scorpion!   p 
  -  Even though my body was complaining  our 6th cache of the day , I was grinning like an idiot during this whole trek  fortunately it was dark and I didnt scare anybody .  This was loads of fun and a longer hike than I had expected.  It was the perfect conclusion to our long day of caching.  Left some bumblebuttons.com geocaching buttons. p I wish Winston Salem had a place for a similar hunt   putting on thinking cap     p Thanks for the adventure! I give this cache a GLOWING recommendation! p  honeychile  br *+.,_,.+*`*+.,_A joyful heart is good medicine!_,.+*`*+.,_,.+*` p  br  last edit  4 6 2003 1 50 15 AM PST 
  -   A HREF http   www.carolinaredclay.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Teamed up with Honeychile for our 6th find of a very tiring day. Ran into some people fishing for catfish. Easy compared to our previous find in the dark, Wake Up MayTag Repairman, This one needs fixin. Of course, it was never indended to be found in the dark. Left Geocaching buttons, glow in the dark turtle and doo dad. Took candle and keychain.
  -  This is about the coolest thing Ive ever seen!Thanks! Ive never had that much fun at Carrboro Park. p We spent a few mintues being stumped trying to find the first clue, but after that, it was really a walk in the park. p I hope you dont mind if we steal your idea  our kids want to hide a night time stash so there will be two in the area. p We left some glow stars, a glow box and an ET toy that lights up. p We took some other stars, a candle and 50  cents. p Thanks again, p Piratical Munchkins
  -  This is the coolest cache weve seen yet!  We missed the starting point   truly, lost in the dark   but then stumbled on the right way. We each wound up finding a stage. We took a star and some glow in the dark nail polish. We left a glow in the dark mini frisbee, a glow in the dark Earth, a green candle, and one of our calling cards. #30 for The Alethiometrists!  Thanks for a fun night out! br 
  -  WOW!!!!  This cache was so well done.  This was my first night cache and I had a blast.  Took the glow in the dark glasses and left some glow in the dark stars.  Thanks for a great night hike.  
  -  What a great cache.  I came down from Cincinnati to visit Ladyfirebug.  There is one like this near my house, but this is much better.  We had a good time with this one.  We took a geocache sticker and left a candle. br The Fireman, Ladyfirebug and Duke and Buford the dogs.
  -   STRONG N 35° 55.447 W 079° 06.221  STRONG  br  A HREF http   www.huggy d1.d2g.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Go to above coordinates if you get lost. p Found cache and such else this evening at 7 00pm.  Met fellow night geocachers  No, not us!  as we were finishing up and they were heading out to get, ahem, lost in the dark.  What a blast this was!  Will have to use some of the ideas on a cache of my own... p TN, left huggy_d1 cache keychain  one of a kind , geocaching window static & decal.  Sorry, dont have anything that glows. p Thanks for the fun and for the memories going after this one. p huggy_d1  Lynchburg, VA  br Bros 1 2  Danville, VA 
  -  I was with Billy on this one and was the one who had to call tech support.  Needless to say, the ridicule will never stop because we were lost in the dark
  -   A HREF http   www.jankout.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Last of 6 for the day. Accidently transposed a coordinate number and missed the first clue. Called tech support and got the corrected version. From there it was smooth sailing. Ran into some fellow Geocachers.  Took a decal and a blinky ring, left glow in the dark stars. p  last edit  1 11 2003 6 23 42 PM PST 
  -  Red Wolf Team 12 30 02  13th find   6 37pm br Me along with my grandaughter Elizabeth really br enjoyed this one. It was Great. There was a  br lot of work put into this one. Thanks a lot. br Found the cache in great shape. Took a knife br and left a golf ball, a letter opener and a br small lock. Would like to see some more like br this one.
  -  Beware of fallen trees.  The ice storm left plenty of em    especially near to the clue.  The toughest find was relocating my missing glove after dropping it at the end of a trail. p This was quite an exciting cache.  Would advise to leave yourself a cushion of time so you dont have to run back to the gates.  Left glow in the dark stickers, pocket knife with red light, and glow nail polish.  Took glow stick and flashlight.        Steve
  -   br After getting spanked by the nearby What a Tangled Web We Weave cache, this was refreshling easy.  We were a little unsure what to expect with this, but it is such a great idea!  Found the final cache, signed the log book, took the Geocaching casino chip, left 2 New York Quarters.  Thanks rldill & JOJO for a new type of cache
  -  This was a very exciting cache to find. The concept is very interesting. I have been racking my brain for something as interesting to do for my first cache placement.  Was a cold night and the fingers got numb.  I have noticed that some GPS units act up in cold weather. Once we were on the right track, we were in good shape.  p Congradulations on the interesting idea.....
  -  What a neat find! Alot of fun & family friendly. I had pondered on doing something like this & now have a few more ideas. br Took Geo Sticker & travel bug, left a keychain flashlight, Geo Coin Chip & Miss Addys Butterfly. br What a hoot, Thanks!! br 
  -  Wow, what a lot of fun this one was.  Cache Number 100 for the Fishingfools!!  This was a great hunt and a very clever hide. Spooked up some ducks and a critter of some type on the hike.  Took Huey Travel bug, left euro style geocaching sticker. Thanks again for the great hunt, p Fishingfools p  last edit  1 6 2003 12 56 37 PM PST 
  -  Found with rldill, as he was checking cache. Took nothing left a travel bug. The UH 1 Huey Helicopter travel bug is in the cache. p  Thanks Workingwoman & rldill
  -  What a cool idea for a cache. Thanks for setting this one up. It was a great night to be out and Shadowgal and I had a blast following the trail and clues. Left two flashing pumpkin rings, took the Alaskacom keychain  another keychain!!?? . Second of two finds, and one hide today. br PS Did not see the Huey TB in there, but it was dark so maybe I missed it, or maybe someone just hasnt had a chance to post a log entry for it yet, or maybe it was in stealth mode. p  br  last edit  11 11 2002 9 02 46 AM PST  p  last edit  11 11 2002 9 03 37 AM PST  p  last edit  11 13 2002 7 33 06 AM PST 
  -  That was very cool.  Found it at 10 25.  Wouldnt have thought of that!  We took a wrong turn on the road, followed the GPS to get back on track, took a wrong turn on the trail, went back, went down the same trail again... had fun, laughed a lot.  Left two glo sticks and took small dog statue.  Thanks for the hunt, that was great!  
  -  What a COOL  35 degrees  Cache idea.. Since there was no moon, we decided to bring some night vision equipment   although it didnt help much for the hunt, it seemed to work for the photos  see enclosed  p Found the multistage caches in good shape. Took the space alien br Left several mini cylume sticks  and a few glowing ones as well    p Dropped off the UH 1 Huey Helicopter Travel Bug. p Thanks for the hunt.. br AeroHeli br LoFlight br Firstmaxx br 
  -  Terrific fun!  Our first night cache and our family favorite.  The kids started out not wanting to go but as we got closer and closer we could hardly keep them in sight!  Night noises and cold weather really added to the experience.  Took red light & glow stick.  Left star and moon glow in the dark stickers, glow in the dark shark and half a small jar of glow in the dark paint.   br Thanks for the great cache!
  -  This was our first night cache.  Probably the most fun we have had so far.  A really cool idea.  We have no clue how you came up with it.  We never figured out what Amber meant but found the cache any way.  Took the travel bug.  The pencil needs to be resharpened so bring something to write with when you go.  Thanks for this one. p j&dstrange
  -  A fun cache to find around Halloween! Even though we know this park well  we have our own cache about a hundred yards away , it was a whole nuther experience making our way around the trails in the dark. Took the mini lantern, and left the Invisible Tigger Travel Bug  hes tough to see in the dark   . Thanks for the spooky excursion!
  -  First night cache   took the Power Puff Girls and MoJo JoJo Mom along for their 6th cache.  It was big fun.  Thanks for the great hunt.  p Pinky Flamingo was not afraid of the dark either.
  -  Very good cache.  Must have taken forever to set it up.  Took nothing, left an Abbie Dog. Thanks for setting up a very fun cache.   p The Abbie Dogs
  -   br Grab your flashlights and head out to this geocache. This was the most fun and most interesting hunt we have had. Dont go in the daytime. The hunt was just fabulous in this really nice park. Cool night air and a full moon really help make this a most pleasant adventure. The kids will love this one and so will the adults. Our geo dog used his built in night vision to help spot this cache. p This geocache is #1 on the Triangle Area!!  Take something that glows to leave. We left a glow in the dark alein keyring. p  br  last edit  10 17 2002 6 25 55 PM PST  p  last edit  10 17 2002 6 37 04 PM PST 
GCF3AA: 
  name: Catawba Cache by Spyderman
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=70d5f13a-ff77-425e-b7ac-6b04dccf3987&log=y&decrypt=&pf=y
  comments: 
  -  First find.  Good stuff.  Thanks to the Raven for showing me the ropes.
  -  Found it!  Great cache, that is not easy to get too.  Even with the GPS system I had to do a ton of looking for this one.  Very well hidden.  I hiked in from Ridgecrest as I spent many a summer day skinny dipping in the falls when I was a kid teen.  The trail was rough  I am still scratching all the poision ivy  as I took the long, hidden route to the falls.  I could have easily climbed in from Old Fort but what fun is that?  Took a pad left cold hard cash.   p Took a friend along with me for morale support  he is in the Army  he is now totally hooked on geocaching.  Again, great cache...I like these that are difficult to get to and not everyone can find.  
  -  3rd for the day... after doing Kitsuma Peak then going on to Crest of Ridge we Babe & Cubby,Dekota Man,5 critters,2 St Branards , Gizmo,,and myself  figured we were all warmed up and in the area to make a go for Catawba cache... all wanted to see the waterfall!!!  Well... we got to the cache at 6pm... took 2 hours to get there, that means it will take at least 2 1 2 to get out, being all up hill?  We are prepared, flashlights and all... Awesome waterfalls!!!! Really breath taking... Well worth the hike in.. Im sure my old body will feel the work out of today. this was a day of caching we will never forget... all will remember the trip out!! Thanks Spyder for a Great waterfall and hike!!! Oh.. we got back to our cars at 9 10pm... Plainjane & the Geo Critters
  -  11.04.03 3 05 p.m.  M., F., and C. found it with me after a long difficult hike  1.58 miles  mostly downhill with slippery fallen leaves.  Its a nice hike, this was my first time from this access point, my third trip to the falls.  Parking coords were only 12 off....I hadnt known it was there.  I had a bit of a time finding the cache...I got to a spot where I was 28 off the mark and went from there....searched the likely places nearby and overlooked it...it is WELL hidden...I started getting that queasy feeling that I had hiked all this way with the kids and not going to find it...and then...there it was!!!  WHEW!!!  We made our trades and having left the GPS in place on a rock, it was reading 250 off.  I reckon it was from the solar flares interfering with the satellites.  C. left a magnetic torpedo level, took a P 38 can opener, & shell keyring, F. left a tupperware scraper spatula and took a stretchy lizard.  M. took a small carabiner and Percy keyring and left a 2 way DC adapter.  I took coke hat, Willie TB, Whistle and Bagtag.  Left Mini composition book, Mountain Mikes Pizza Hat, & Energizer Folding LED Lamp.  The falls are truly beautiful and worth the hike in!   and Out  !!!  Peace and Blessings to All!!!
  -  We never found the parking area for this one although we got within .9 miles of it while flying by on I 40. My brother, part of VikingsTwo geocachers from Benecia California, saw a car parked on on the other side of the interstate crash barrier, but we could never find a road that led us close enough to attempt a find. The most promising approach ended in a locked gate with a big No Hikers sign, so we abandoned the search and went off to log Soggy Bottom Boys not too far away. We would love to hear how to get there, and I see from a log posted recently that there may be a road off I 40, but we never saw it. Which side is it on? Beautiful country, wish we had had more time to explore.
  -  Was visiting Black Mountain with some friends from when we were all at Fort Campbell, KY.  Though we are scattered now, this is about the 20th consecutive year we have gotten together in Black Mountain.  My wife and I went looking for the cache with another couple, but started a little late in the afternoon.  We decided to turn around while still a half mile or so from the cache because we definitely did not want to have to come out with the light fading.  We hope to try again next year. p The parking coordinates are for a little logging road that goes off I 40 exactly at the mile 68 marker on the Eastbound Lanes.  About 50 yards in, there is a place to turn around, so you dont have to park on the side of the interstate and you dont have to block the road.  IF I AM WRONG ABOUT THIS AS THE PARKING AREA, WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE SOME MORE SPECIFIC DETAILS ABOUT WHERE TO PARK!!!! p Though the cache notes say the hike is about .9 mile, I think that is incorrect.  My GPS was showing .9 mile to the cache from the parking place, and unless I took some wrong turns there was a considerable amount of back and forth following the trail  which seemed to peter out at times .  Someone we met after walking about 15 minutes said the falls were about an hour and a half.  Perhaps this part of the cache notes can be corrected. p This is EXACTLY what I am looking for in a cache; a good reason to take a long walk in a beautiful area.  Thanks for the cache, and I hope it is still available next year. p CHOPCHOP from Dayton p  This entry was edited by chopchop on Tuesday, March 09, 2004 at 9 39 34 AM. 
  -  This was a great hike through beautiful woods on a perfect morning for it. Crisp, clear, fresh. Had good company in Bianca of TeamGabe and Shava4  the trio from Tube Torcher fame!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  . While looking for the cache, I stood basically on it. Then I moved and she found it quickly  imadork . Beautiful falls. I took photo #22 of Bianca and Master Sherpa Shava  bowing repeatedly  and photo #21 of myself. I took a bagtag  cool!  and left two blue glow sticks  fun! . br Thanks!
  -  I had been to Catawba Falls many times in the past 7 years. Now there was new incentive to go with a cache there, and go along with Shava4 and MtnLion. The coords for parking were a mile off from where I was used to parking. Is there another place to park other than the end of the road with the bridge that has a no tresspassing sign? We hiked in and found the falls. It has changed a bit since I was there last, but is still very beautiful. We searched around a little before I spotted the cache. It is well hidden and blends in to its surroundings. We took picture #22 and #21. I took a bag tag  there are 2 left now  and left Willie TB.
  -  Beautiful day to be out and once again teamed up with teamgabe & mntlion who are excellent company  even if my new nickname is Master Sherpa Shava; dont ask . This one has a tricky parking spot which we were a little nervous about, but seemed to work. Trail was good and the falls were great; I searched under the rock face when we lost reception  several times , but Bianca found it and we gathered for the loot exchange. I had taken the tag and left a stretchy gecko when I saw the 8 ball Yoda  which I had to have  so I added a keychain as well. Nice spot and thanks for the incentive!
  -  This was a very good day. Two good friends and I had a great hike back to this beautiful spot.  Skidder spotted the cache first, and then allowed me to find it. PotterDave was on a climb up the far side of the falls at the time. We all traded a little and took pics with the cache camera.  I traded a black polished stone for one of the neat bag tags.  Afterwards we climbed to the top of the falls exploring and just being in awe of the place. I would suggest that everyone who can, come to see this place before someone brings a road up the river and builds timber walkways and observation platforms. Thanks Spyder for a great day in the woods.  Old Joe Clark p PS   The trail is not as overgrown as I thought it would be after the summer. Go for it. Also, Ill agree with Orthoguy. There is a T before you get to the Y. Going left at the T will get you to the same spot, but via a rougher route. p  last edit  9 10 2003 4 47 48 AM PST  p  last edit  9 10 2003 11 51 44 AM PST 
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Just when you start getting depressed by the large number of humdrum caches that folks put out there you come across one that really makes you take notice. Kudos Spyder you have a winner with this one. I have to admit that as I drove to this one my expectations were low .....I mean parking on the side of the interstate, how cool of a hike could this be??? I was not to be disappointed. I enjoy the caches that require you think instead of the straight in and out ones. Now granted if you are from this area this may be a straight forward hike but if you are not a local things could get interesting. For what it is worth ...I disagree with the part about taking a left at the first Y or maybe its a T. Other than that this is an outstanding cache and possibly one of the most beautiful waterfalls we have seen. I would advise allocating plenty of time for this one and taking twice the amount of water that you normally would. The cache was well hidden and in good shape. p   Earrings br + Biner p Regards, p Orthoguy br And br Adventurechick
  -  I started to look for this one yesterday. was not sure about parking cords. I went up by catawba churh on that road, but came to a bridge with a gate. It looked like private land and the gps said the parking cords was a mile further on. I went back an hit I 40 and went to the top of the mountain. again got with in a few tenths of mile of parking cords. again it was posted at a gate. Not knowing the area was unsure of where to go. Parting cords are a bit vague to someone not knowing the area. So. didnt waste the trip.. went to kitsuma peak cache instead. I didnt want to trespass and all. Any help on parking.. br Streetdoc
  -  %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%FIRST FINDER!!!%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% p A rugged, challenging hike to a magnificent falls. I followed Old Joe Clarks lead and took the long way around, thinking it would be easier but not really sure now. Had to do some MAJOR bushwhacking in a couple of spots and had to wade the creek a couple of times. I found the cache in good condition and the coords were very close. Had a little trouble getting the ammo box open but finally succeeded. I took the mini maglite and one of the neat bag tags and left a survival whistle, a train keyring and one of the Geocache description sheets that Spyder said the cache needed. I was surprised to see quite a few people near the falls but nobody saw me retrieve the cache. Uphill all the way back that Spyder, what a gift for understatement. The only good thing I can say for the trip back was that my water bottle was a LOT lighter  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  Was tired, dirty and hot when I got home but the view at the falls was spectacular and well worth the trip. Thanks for the great cache Spyder!
  -  Great spot Spyder. Id always wanted to go to these falls, but it took a cache to get me motivated. I should have studied the maps more. I turned before the Y you mentioned, but I think I came out in the same place. Only I didnt think it was the right place, so I went back up and found the Y and ended up back in the same place. I continued on, on what I now believe was the right trail, but I seemed to be getting further from the falls. I turned and climbed back out again and took the long way around. It got me there, but by that time I was about bushed.  I lost satellite lock at about 200 feet from your coordinates.  I think I found the right spot, but I was tired enough that I didnt spend a lot of energy looking.  I sat for a while enjoying the falls and resting. I think I saw the items mentioned in the clue, but if I was right, they were in a place I didnt feel like trying to get to after wasting so much energy earlier. I decided to just enjoy the spot and save my energy for the trip out. Thanks for taking me to such a beautiful spot, and Ill be back for the cache another day. p Old Joe Clark
GCJJTP: 
  name: Earth, Wind, Fire, Water by nctreker
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCJJTP&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  What can I say that hasnt been said by the many people who have found this in the last few weeks. Its a great cache. My son and I did the first three stages a while ago and finally came with the necessary equipment to retrieve it. We decided not to try the airborne approach on stage four and decided to make our assault from the water. We left a NASCAR race car, took a fishing lure and the White Jeep Travel Bug.   p Thanks nctreker for a fun challenge and a great hunt.
  -  Caching in the Raleigh area with Bushwack Bob over the weekend ... Medic208 joined us for this one and were glad he did!  This was an awesome cache and one that certainly required a team effort. p It was a day of red lights and sirens for us.  Yall probably arent going to believe the way we gingerly moved about in the first stage bomb storage shelter.  Or the sky hook medic deployed on stages 2 and 3.  No way would you buy the basket medic lowered for us on the final.  Or the pieces of Bob we left at several of the stages.    p All kidding aside, this was one pants wetting cache ... literally.  It was also the 3rd of 3 5s Bob and I got over the weekend ... thanks Bob!  Found, logged, and am now returning the TBs.  Medic left a white jeep for the next team!  Thanks nctreker for sharing! br 
  -  Our team included Team Tigerz, Medic208, and myself. There were two others who wanted to come but had schedule conflicts. p We knocked out the first three stages quickly and got bonus caches en route. The final stage was very difficult as the cache was not visible unless you were right in front of it. We made 7 attempts before locating the spot where the cache was hidden. If it were not for the special rescue equipment that Medic208 brought, we could not have made that many attempts. p This event did take its toll. I left my hiking stick at stage 2. I left my gloves at stage 3. I left my shoes at stage 4. I dont know where I lost my cell phone. And I wet my pants doing the final. Yeah, it was worth it. p TFTC!
  -  I must say this was one of the most enjoyable caches Ive done in a long time. Bushwack Bob contacted me recently and wanted to know If I was interested in this cche   heck yeah! So I met up w  him and Team Tigerz after the event last night. p Earth   This stage went by fairly quick, I had an idea where the cache would be at and located it within a couple of minutes. p Wind   This stage reminded me of the mountains. This was a neat area, and I enjoyed the scenery. I agree w  Hambones previous post... one wrong move and youre a grease spot here! p Fire   Seeing how I have a phobia to this type of retrieval I was hapy to sit back, relax, enjoy the shade, and drink while Bushwack Bob put hs life on the line for us... for a smiley  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  WHOOOO HOOOOO Go BB!! p Water   We previously decided to take a different approach to obtaining the cache at this stage. I think it worked out well and was much easier than the way some of the others had used previously.  p NCTreker, thanks for the excellent and entertaining cache! I kept asking myself on the way home... how did you find these places   lol. I left a White jeep TB for the next person. TFTC!
  -  droppin off this bug for my mom, aka gathernomoss,  at her hardest cache to date.   thanks for your hard work at this one Mr. Treker 
  -  Can finally add my name to this AWESOME multi cache. Its taking me... quite some time... like months to finally complete the last stage. The whole time waiting for the appropriate time was worth it. Just glad a little drought has helped that effort a little. Once I figured out the exact location, the hard part was getting a hold on the ammo box. It took about an hour or so to finally put my hands on the prize. When I opened the box, I then realized I forgot all of my goodies to trade with. So I signed the log and put the cache back like I found it. Every stage I completed will go down as number 1 in my book. I enjoyed every minute spent on each stage, even when I questioned myself about how far I could go. I really had to let some fears go and I am glad I did. Learned a lot about myself on this multi as well.  p Thanks to Team Greywolf and Hide n Sneek for providing help when the summer heat and humidity took its toll.  p Great job on this one Nctreker
  -  We had a fun day with a gang on this one. What an awesome cache. Thanks for a very creative, challenging hide. I do, however, think that a ice cold beer should be added to the list of items needed when searching for this cache. 
  -  A great time was had by all today! p I always enjoy having the opportunity to get to know other cachers while out on the trail, risking life and limb in the name of finding some trinks in the forest.  Today was no exception. p Well, no, the exception would be that it would have been most excellent if there had been some lawn chairs, shade and a cooler full of ice cold beer there at the end. p Who was in charge of that? p We enjoyed each of the locations and what we found there.  Not the waypoints, mind you, but the physical attributes of the area.   Id like to go back out to the second one and have another opportunity to look around a bit.  I was a bit distracted by the sheer number of people on the precipice and acquiring what we needed there. p We had pegged stage three for a visit separate from EWFW so we were excited to see that it was part of this cache.  The kids enjoyed exploring here and we have some great photos to boot. p Stage 4 was mostly an exercise in patience, although it was rather fun climbing around trying to find the object of our desire.  I was afraid I wasnt going to have enough of my own weight left on the ground there at one point and wasnt going to be able to shimmy backwards to safety should my balance be thrown off.  Yikes! p Thanks for a great reason to get out to Butner, NCTreker.  We enjoyed ourselves over the course of the day and were all looking forward to getting back out there to do so many of the excellent cache we didnt have the opportunity to do while there.
  -  Out with the breakfast & cache run and this was the prize of the day.  Kilted1s and I had been saving our 100th find for this cache.  And what a find it was.  Thanks to everyone for joining in and helping make this possible. p Morgenes
  -  TFTC had alot of fun with this cache out with the gang
  -  I think the list of culprits has been pretty well documented.  Must say I enjoyed the company of everyone that was part of the group.  A special shout out to USMC2052 for taking on the key role of the final stage.  We also need to acknowledge Kilted1s, Morgenes, HextheKiwi and Johny Cache for handling the other side.  I left the group rather early to view from another vantage point without thinking of the need for that role.  Thanks for the great adventure nctreker!!  
  -  What a perfect way to tackle a 5 5 cache   a breakfast event followed by a mob of some 20 odd geocachers swarming the stage locations in order to locate the hide. The large number of folks helped make short work of the multi. br We loved the locations we were taken to especially the first stage   that was fairly unique. br Thanks to everyone that participated and helped make this into a fun morning of social caching.  Theres fun in numbers. br Thanks also to nctreker for a fine hide  or should that be hides? .
  -  FINALLY THE KILTED1S HAVE COME TO BUTNER! What an amazing group of stages. It is great to know that such things can be found so close and can show there is beauty left in central NC. We had an amazing time doing this one with Morgenes, CGal, JustMike and the 4 Trolls, Billwolf1, USMC2052, Hex and a couple of the Kiwis, Geo Roaches, Jonny Cache and the Cachettes, NCTreker and Mildred, and Horsegeeks for a short time. Could not think of a better group to spend the day with. Great time had by all. Left Geocoin, took Geocoin.
  -  Wow!  What a cache. Found with the gang after the breakfast event.  I do believe we had   Curmundgeonly Gal, Just Mike and the 4 Trolls; Hex the Kiwi; GeoRoaches; Johnny Cache and the Cachettes; Kilted1s; Morgenes; USMC2052; NCTreker  thanks Greg and Mildred ; and horsegeeks  for moral support .  Took the experience of this multi and memories; Left a lot of sweat.  Glad we came and conquered this cache with the gang!  TFTH
  -  Found along with Kilted1s, Morgenes, GeoRoaches, HexTheKiwi, Billwolf1, USMC2052, Curmudgeonly sp! Gal, JustMike and the 4 Trolls...with nctreker and wife looking on and laughing. Let me know if I forgot anyone! Thanks for the challenging hide, Greg. Learned a lot about this area today. We picked up about a dozen caches and were looking forward to getting back up here to do more.
  -  All stages are set and ready to go.  Good luck.
  -  Need to do a little repair on the final stage.  This one will be active again next weekend.
  -   MY GOD!  DID I JUST DO THAT?!?! I kept asking myself after each stage..and the answer was YES.  I have absolutely fallen in love with Butner and everything that is tucked away there. Stage 1  I moved around a bunch of crap before I located this one..found it, which pumped me up even more.  Stage 2  my first venture of this sort..no pics as I wouldnt let my partner  tie me off!!! NO photo ops until Im used to it...which didnt take long.   Stage 3  laughed a lot when I got the coords.  Brave I was again a little shakey afterward.. ok a lot shakey..but still pumped!  Stage 4 By this point I wasnt even scared..just Ready to get on with it...now this one hurt in more ways than one but OH GLORY lookie what I found!  Plus I wasnt fearful of being tied off..so pics galore.  Took nothing..L carabiner and kit.  One of my greatest fears has been conquered!!!! Soreness, bruises, scrapes and number of ticks I found on me have all been worth it! Cant wait to develop my skills even farther in caching and          , and         , and         !!!!  tryin hard to write this with out giving everything away   Want to post my pics badly...but unsure if some of them are allowable due to major spoiler shots.  Any alum wanting to swap stories etc or plan other 5 5 finds or hides ..feel free to email me.  AWESOME JUST AWESOME  THANKS!!!    p  This entry was edited by Carlette on Sunday, June 12, 2005 at 11 48 38 AM. 
  -  I managed to ride the coat tails of Team Grey Wolf and Team word on this one. Ive got two previous caches to list so this was actually my third. Awesome is a good beginning for describing this one! Im totally blown away by old sites with some significant history and this one to the right people would be great. Stage 1, nice n easy. Stage two, lots of sliding, some moderate pain, and a lot of WET, an hour or so of frustration, and then voila! Stage 3... I got good photos of this one... Grey wolf, the daredevil of the day hit this one alone...    Team Word and I just snapped pictures. Stage 4, who said this was in plain sight??? More getting wet here, luckily just a shoe this time. Took a Lance Armstrong Livestrong bracelet, left a Kellogs Light Saber Spoon  Red .
  -  Went with Dogman98 and swampfox n brer rabbit. I learned how to climb belay. I had alot of fun. Can I help it if I drank alot of water and Gatorade?  br Thanks for a great cache!  br 
  -  Had a nice afternoon with Swampfox and crew. Dissapointed that we didnt have to get wet, I brought my waders. It was good to be on rope again and I got to be part of someones first climb belay. Weather was great no bad bugs yet  one small tick sighting . Thanks nctrecker. TN left happy couple
  -  Who would have thought, no visits for 7 months then two the same weekend. Dogman 98 and BB joined us for this little jaunt. Not as difficult as we thought it would be based on the descriptions. Stage three sure got our attention though. Dont know if we would have found the coordinates to #4 had we not closely examined all the previous log entries.   Made for a nice outing. Signed log, took miniclip TB, bone pen, NG patch, geocache key fob. Left happy couple figurine, flashlight, nifty 3 way knife, visavis pen,and Oscar de Larenta lotion  for those chafed hands and sore muscles youll get while looking for this cache . Replaced cache box exactly where we found it.  p Thanks NCtreker for an excuse to spend an afternoon in the woods with friends and family.   p  This entry was edited by swampfox n brer rabbit on Monday, May 23, 2005 at 5 41 25 AM. 
  -  Wow, what a cache. Completed this cache with Team Grey Wolf and Hide n Sneak. The first stage was easy, the second proved to be a challange. Thought I had lost my wedding ring on this leg after two long slides. Some in our group got real wet before we realized where the clue really was. The third stage brought back many memories of my first cache experience. To bad we didnt realize the significance back then. The final stage was the hardest took awhile to find the cache and then even longer to figure out how to get it. Finally we did though. p Took a live strong bracelet and the lucky 2 TB. Left the mini clip TB and a McDonalds Fruit and Yougart Pin. Signed the  log.  p Had a great time. The difficulty rating is set just right. It was the hardest cache I had ever done. I feel wonderful to have been able to complete it. p Thanks p  This entry was edited by Team Word on Saturday, May 21, 2005 at 5 07 24 PM. 
  -  Found this with Team Word & Hide_N_Sneak. Well Stage 1 was easy, located the card to send us on to Stage 2. That was interesting to say the least wandered around the woods for about an hour and then when we were about to give up I happened to run across the clue. Stage 3 I steadied my nervous while scalling the shaky rungs but managed to get the location for the final cache location. I have to laugh at the plain sight clue, on, under didnt matter couldnt see it. Finally spotted it then we proceeded to scratch our heads for about 30 minutes trying to figure out how somebody placed the cache where it was, I think spiderman must have placed it last. We managed to snare the box with a stick, I placed it back as close to where we found it as I could but its not in plain sight from where we saw it first, within a foot or so I would guess. I took the Canadian Geocoin and left a sig card. It was a tough one but like Sherlock Holmes we always find our cache. Had fun, Love to see more. p  This entry was edited by Team Grey Wolf on Saturday, May 21, 2005 at 10 50 18 AM. 
  -  Decided it was a little more than I wanted to tackle by the descriptions. Went on to next cache; thanks anyway.
  -  Ive found all the coords.  Fire was pretty exhilarating, I found both laminated sheets!  Spent half an hour looking for Water to no avail.  Ill try again another day. p Found the first one but didnt have any luck finding the note for second.  Will go back maybe this weekend.   p Went back and a flashlight does help.  Made it to the second stage and spent about an hour looking for the next clue.  No luck!  Reminded me a lot of a place I used to climb in Morgantown WV.  This is a fun and challenging cache! p  This entry was edited by Mountaineer00 on Sunday, April 24, 2005 at 6 21 29 AM.  p  This entry was edited by Mountaineer00 on Monday, April 25, 2005 at 5 05 08 PM. 
  -  Found stages one and two quickly, but got stuck on stage three. Considering the name of the stage, and the structure to which the coords pointed, we thought we knew exactly what to do. After a false start, a brave memnber of our crew headed 50 odd feet to the destination, but there were no coords to be found. Headed inside the structure to search from a different perspective, but no luck. Were stumped!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Went back for a 2nd try on Stage 4. Zeroed in on the cache. However, the past few days of nothing but rain ruined any attempt of trying to get this one.  p Anyone who tries this one in the future, please email me. I will be glad to help out when you get to Stage 4. I gotta finish thie awesome multi cache. Its going to be bugging me until I complete it. 
  -  Got all the way to stage 4 and looked for what seemed like eternity for something in plain view. Guess I didnt know what to look for. Will try the last stage again when I am back in town. br 
  -  Stage 3 has been replaced.  Sorry it took so long but I had to build my nerve up.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Sad to say stage 3 had gone missing.  Ill go out next weekend and modify the stage to make it less muggle prone.  
  -  By far the hardest and most physically challenging cache to date.  All warnings for this one are real, and should be heeded.  I was amazed at the lenghts we go to to get these caches.  Had a blast on all stages, glad we could all work together to get this one.  Redneck engineering sums it up well.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Not often I get used as bait.  Well worth the wet feet.  This is now my most memorable cache.  Thanks for a great set up NC Treker, I am scared of what you might think up next.  Left a pink and green stingsliver lure, great for Spanish Mackrel and bluefish, also a bottom rig foe spot, croaker, etc.  Watch out for the hooks.  Took small pocket knife.   p Thanks again for a wonderful cache! p Fishingfools
  -  What an excellent, cinematographic cache for this film student to capture on her last day in NC! The Fire and Water stages were out of this world, and I cant wait to edit the footage together. Of course, Caching Call buddies, I was absolutely dying to do Stage 4 for you, but I just couldnt break the proscenium and go in front of the camera. Next time! TFTC    geocaching at its finest!
  -  It was quite fun watching the group search for this cache, especially with the cache owner there to talk with.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   When the cache was found, I dropped a Candian Geocoin into the cache for a future finder.  Unfortunately, it appears that the coin was never registered with the CA geocoin site   a href http   www.geocoins.ca  target _blank visit link  a    so I could never get any information on it.  Perhaps the next cacher will have better luck.
  -  OMG is the only term that I think sums up this cache. p Stage 1   Was poking around when Mr. Slim No Shoulders looked at me.  No more poking around without looking first.  Ken from The Altheometrists was able to grab the coords and off we headed. p Stage 2   This is an area you dont find very often east of I 77.  We started down the wrong trail and ended up at a shear cliff.  Looked for alternative areas and found the coords at the second place we looked.  Be very careful here as one false move and you are a grease spot. p Stage 3   Since I was the one with the special equipment I was chosen to get this stage.  The adrenaline was running high and this is the only reason I was able to do it.  After 2 near catastrophes I was safe but still shaking  that didnt stop until Phil with the Fishing Fools passed a Bud Light at the end of the final stage. p Stage 4   With some redneck engineering and help from Lovelace and the cache owner we used Fishing Fools as bait.  Almost had the cache in hand but it slipped.  We spent more time trying to get it out than on anything else.  Lovelace was kind enough  or is it crazy enough  to retrieve the cache.  By then we figured out an easier way to put it back.  FF was cast back as bait  by now it was almost cut bait from choking on the harness  and replaced the cache. p All in all this was the most intense cache I have ever done, and may ever do  unless a group wants to team up and tackle Tube Torcher . p Props to nctrekker for the challenge and a special thanks to the members of the group that found it with me today Ken from the Alteometrists, Phil from Fishing Fools, and nomadnora who got it all on tape  and lovelace and nctrekker whose assistance paid off and kept us alive. p Took nothing and left 2 Lance Armstrong Livestrong braclets  visit www.laf.org to support the fight against cancer .  Signed log. p Anyone who attempts this cache without special equipment is a fool with a death wish.  There are always inherent dangers in every activity, but this one is danger with inherent activity. p Now Im going to sit back and sip on my Valium and Demerol cocktail.
  -  What a great way to conclude the weekends Caching Call events! It was certainly excellent cinema, and nomadnora has promised to get copies of the footage to us. I was searching with Mr. Fishing Fools, Hambone, and nomadnora, and we were joined by Lovelace and Mr. Cache Owner himself, NC Treker. Special kudos to Hambone and FF, for their death defying stunts on the final two stages. TNSL, left an Alethiometrists button and the Lucky 2 TB   cause we were lucky to have got it, and the next folks who come along will need all the luck   and skill   they can get, too. Thanks for the cache, and for another pair of arms! 
  -  Found with lovelace, jklGoDuke, & others   what a day!  Now I have my own account.
  -  Group geocaching is a blast   and I wouldnt have wanted to try this cache any other way!  It really was a team effort, and we were fortunate to have such a great team to work with  Wimseyguy, Horsegeeks, JPortzer, lovelace & our little geoBuddy, and our Special Equipment .  Mr. Horsegeeks seems to have an eagle eye for spotting caches  and a  very  strong flashlight!  and the fourth stage had everyone involved in one way or another.  We were all over the place  and in a lot of poison ivy  looking for it for quite some time and finally had to take a quick picnic break before the final effort.  The toughest thing for me was getting the fourth stage replaced correctly after everyone had signed the log.  I accidentally pushed it out of sight, and had a terrible time maneuvering to get ahold of it again and get it placed correctly.  I skinned my wrist and knee up in the process, but I wear the scrapes proudly!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  Anybody who tries that stage without appropriate safety equipment is nuts and has a deathwish.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle  With the right equipment  thanks!  and good team support, though, its quite a rush. Thanks again, everyone!  We got done just in time   as we took a group photo, someone came down the river in a fishing boat.  Glad he didnt see us about 10 minutes earlier.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  What a blast!  I sure was knackered when we got home.  It seems somewhat anticlimactic to say that my son and I took a windup penguin out of the cache, and placed a box cutter and a mini turtle into it.  What a great way to spend a holiday.  You rock, NCtrecker!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  If there were more than 5 stars in the rating system, this cache would need them. Lovelace pretty much summed up the days adventure. I will add that this isnt one to take lightly, or attempt to do alone. TNLNSL  br I have always tried to do significant caches for my 100s finds and this was truly worthy of #1100. br Thanks for the adventure.
  -  Nctreker you have outdone yourself.  That was a very exciting and strenuous cache.  We did it as a team with Wimseyguy, lovelace, jklgoduke and a new and aspiring geocacher Jeremy  who hadnt quite admitted to himself that he wants to become adicted to the sport hobby and of course lovelace jklgodukes right hand man.  Lovelace describes the breakdown of events perfectly.  It was most certainly a team effort with everybody working with their strengths.  It was a very exciting and stimulating cache.  Jason said it about right that this seemed like an event.  It took us about four hours to complete with most of the time spent on the last stage.  Again be aware that there can be snakes.  The horsegeeks saw a small moccasin on finishing one of the stages.  Be careful and bring a buddy and have the correct equipment.  Thanks very much and keep em coming there is plenty of this neck of the woods with no caches.
  -  Ive been wanting to do this cache since it came up, but knew it shouldnt be done alone.  I asked the horsegeeks if they were interested and they were so we made plans to tackle it this morning.  Wimseyguy and a friend of mine  jportzer  showed up too and we had an equipment benefactor who loaned us some very needed stuff.  The advantage of geocaching with a group became very evident as we went along because we could search lots of different places all at once. p Stage 1 was found almost immediately.  It had apparently been left somewhat visible.  We rehid it so it was completely hidden. p Stage 2 was a bit more of a challenge as we first went to the wrong place and then had to bushwack to the right place.  Wimseyguy, though, had the right idea and was searching near the correct location when I went to help him and found the stage. p At stage 3, since I had found the previous stage, I let others take the lead and watched over our 3 year old son.  They quickly found it, but retrieving it was more difficult.  jklGoDuke started to retrieve it, but then decided she wasnt up to it and I took over.  Getting to the stage wasnt too difficult but getting back to safety was a bit more worrisome.  Thanks to the right equipment  some mine, some loaned , though, this stage was successufully and safely retrieved. p After the successes with the first three stages we figured wed grab the fourth stage quickly and be done with it.   hahahaha!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle    Silly us.  We searched for about an hour in every possible location we could think of.  Then, because it was almost 1pm, jklGoDuke, our son and I paused for a bit and ate the lunch wed brought with us.  We kept thinking, though, and had an idea to try when horsegeeks, who had continued searching, found the cache  where we had just talked about .  Finding the cache, though, wasnt the same as retrieving it.  After going back to the car for more equipment, jklGoDuke made her way to the cache with help holding on.  For future cachers, PLEASE DO NOT TRY ANYTHING RISKY on this stage.  Proper equipment here is an absolute must!!!  This stage was retrieved successfully and safely, but I can easily see how this stage could end badly.  With good equipment, though, this stage is quite a rush.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p So, after all that, I grabbed a geocaching patch and left a toy VW convertible  I really had to do some convincing to get my son to leave it in the cache!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  .  This is by far the most fun Ive ever had caching.  It took us to new heights as geocachers.  Thanks very much, nctreker. p Addendum   I would add Technu to the list of required items on this cache.  Several of the stages are near LOTS of poison ivy, so be careful.  Otherwise, have a blast.  We sure did.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Great multi stage.
  -  ...and stay down!  We finally beat this thing!  Found step 1 last week, but ran out of time after doing other caches in the area.  Made step 2 harder than it needed to be and have the red badge of geocaching to show for it.  Step 3... what to say about this, except that i came a hair away from finding this by accident earlier when we were exploring in the area.  We both had to find this stage because it was so much fun.  We spent a lot of time looking around at step 4.  Im not sure how people are spotting this quickly, but i was literally about to give up and checking one last thing before leaving when i saw it.  30 minutes and much soreness later i had signed the log, taken a fossilized squid and left a little bottle of silver and a wobbly wind up penguin.  I had to modify my exit route a little because i was so exhausted.  I hate to think what my 32 year old body will be telling me tomorrow.  At least i can console myself that i must be in shape, or at least in shape for my age since i found the cache. p nctreker, i have to say this has been the best one yet!  For one cache we got to see 4 very different, interesting and beautiful locations.  There was a lot of work involved, but that made it all the more enjoyable.  We, in this case was myself and the as yet GPSR less Mayberry Randomizer  or at least thats what ill call him until unless he signs up on here as something different .  We had 3 of the 5 required items and can definitely see how each of the missing 2 would have made it a lot easier and or safer.
  -  WOW! What a great multi! We werent sure wed have enough time to fit this one in before we headed for home, but WE4NCS assured us that we could do it in a certain amount of time. So glad he recommended that we try this one out!!! p Okay, well, found Pt. 1 in record time . . . made way to coords. and read them off to CCCA. Very cool hide! Now onto Pt. 2 . . .  p Took slightly longer to find b c of something that almost threw us off! But thankfully CCCA brainstormed and someone else was snickering nearby and I got it! Another great hide! Now onto Pt. 3 . . . . .  p Wow, who wouldve thought wed be here again?  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  CCCA wanted to do this part, but then changed her mind, which I was happy for b c I love this sort of thing  guess Im still at the point in my life where I think Im invincible??? . Took extra precautions at WE4NCS insistence and read the coords. to CCCA. GREAT hiding spot! Hmmmm, wonder if I could try something like this at home??? Now onto Pt. 4!!!!! p WOW!!!!!!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  What a hide!! Had the right idea of what you did, but wasnt quite sure where to look! Used special equipment first to locate the cache then special equipment and WE4NCS to retrieve the cache! Wouldve been much easier if I had stronger upper body strength as I quickly grew tired trying to get the cache. Had to come up for air and adjust the equipment to ensure that I obtained the cache . . . and yep, it worked! Phew!! What a work out! Thanks so much for all of the fun and challenges! This is definitely one of my favorite caches and absolutely my favorite multi!!!! p I highly recommend this cache to anyone out that has some time and is looking for a true 5 5! TFTF! p Also, special thanks to WE4NCS for the use of his equipment and muscles!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  This was a TEAM find from start to finish.  Our host WE4NCS convinced us that we had the fortitude & with his equipment, we set off on our quest. p Part 1  Earth  was a 30 seconds slam dunk as SBUX night vision zerod in on the cache.  NOTE   100% DEET is a good investment for heading in to this terrain. p Part 2  Wind  was a matter of minutes as I spotted the most likely hiding spot & SBUX quickly gathered the coords, then off... p Part 3  Fire  a little more time consuming because we took the precaution of adding safety gear and taking it S L O W for a safe coord retrieval.  I really believe that SBUX could have succeeded on this part withOUT the extra precaution but would not have forgiven myself had she not worn it & fallen.  I think shes part monkey. p Part 4  Water  took all the skills and knowledge that we both jointly owned combined.  Special equipment is the best & wisest choice   perhaps the ONLY one.  But in the end, it was our prayers that saw us to the finish line.  I pointed out the most likely hiding spot and SBUX donned special gear to make certain that the cache container was indeed there.  Excellent!  Now on to the final stage   RETRIEVAL.  SBUX is braver and more flexible than I.  She is also half my age, taller and thinner   therefore she was the volunteer.  With the hearty assistance of WE4NCS as an anchor, she went over the EDGE on the 1st attempt and we had to draw her back in for air and to allow Bert to catch his breath too.  The choice was hers and with a minor adjustment made to the equipment she went over the EDGE yet again   this time the cache was grabbed in a matter of seconds   with nary a scratch or spill!  I hastily set down Berts camera to scrawl our names in the logbook & then it was put back in place & SBUX was pulled back to safer shores.  She is one TOUGH YOUNG LADY...look out Marines, you might need to change your motto!!!  Thanks Greg & to Bert for this most excellent adventure. Im sure my grand babies will hear about this one some day. p  p 
  -  Hey! Im overweight and I found it!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p We finally had the opportunity to come back and finish this beast.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  p Even though we thought we knew where the cache was, it still took a very long time, one dunk in the river and the urgency brought on by looming darkness to finally spot it. p Put the special equipment back on and trusted my life to my partners teeth once more.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   I didnt find out about the teeth thing until AFTER I was safely on the ground   really in the water   again! .  Actually, this was the hardest stage physically, but man was it fun!  It would have been much better if I wasnt so terribly out of shape. p Seriously though, this cache is filled with danger and the potential for injury.  I would not go beyond stage 2 without a partner.  Some may even feel the need for a partner for stage 2.  If anyone really did this without any special equipment they must be Spiderman. p I too am very glad this one is behind me now.  Thanks for the supreme challenge!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  Just dont do it again! p  br  This entry was edited by nittany dave on Thursday, August 26, 2004 at 4 07 03 PM. 
  -  Without divulging who my brave partner was, Ill just say we worked as a team to successfully find this cache. There seemed to be a lot of climbing! Having the right equipment was essential here. Having some arm and leg strength as well as balance, agility and nimble feet was an asset at this one. This was not a cache for anyone even slightly overweight, anyone who physically is not capable of some stenuous climbing while in a stressful position or anyone who has a fear of heights. The right safety equipment and knowledge of how to be safe were essential. My special equipment is available to anyone who may need it but all risks and liability are yours. p Stage 1 was dark and scary. Being nimble and agile here was a big benefit. p Stage 2 was more like mountain climbing than hiking. Ran into a copperhead before finding this stage. p Stage 3 was extremely difficult, very unsafe and very scary but we had done this many times before. Having the right safety equipment and having experience doing this made this stage fairly simple. Without the right safety equipment and experience makes this stage treacherous and the most dangerous. Hopefully well not have to post the event coordinates of the first geocacher geofuneral as a result of taking an unnecessary chance on this one. p At stage 4, hours were spent in the river with hip waders. Didnt see any water moccasins. Had a stick to help keep my balance. Knowing the rules of how to survive if you fall in rushing water were useful   sit down and ride the water and the rocks until you reach a shallow place in slower water. The cache was clearly seen with a flashlight. Getting to it is another story. It was a two person team effort with special rock climbing gear to finally retrieve the cache container. Held with my teeth the rope holding the suspended other brave team member as I signed the log and put some stuff in the cache. p Head all warnings, all advice in previous logs and know and understand your own physical limitations and capabilities. Do not attempt this one without a physically capable partner and be sure to have the right equipment. Be sure your cell phone works in the area also   know the 911 number for Durham and Granville counties. Bring some Tecnu poison ivy cleanser. In addition, Army Ranger training would be helpful. Former Green Berets will thrive on this one. Navy SEALS train for this type of cache.  p Glad to see this one finished.  p  p  This entry was edited by WE4NCS on Tuesday, August 17, 2004 at 8 21 16 PM. 
  -  Well, my partner and I got stuck on stage 4.   br I had already found stage 1 so I waited for him to quickly find it. br At stage 2, I came eye to eye with a small copperhead at a distance of about 4 feet while poking and searching.  Decided to look before poking from now on.  Finally found it   great placement! br Stage 3 saw me completely wimp out after starting out thinking it would be a breeze.  I waited for my partner to return to the car and come back with just the right special equipment.  Then he completed the stage while I watched and had 9 1 already dialed.  Before he started, he made me promise to say only good things about him from now on. br We spent 3 hours searching at stage 4 with no luck.  We both missed dinner and I for one got a dirty look upon my return home. br A previous log mentioned that binoculars would come in handy.  Nope, tried that.  Youd need a telescope if were thinking about the same thing. p Well be back to complete this quest. br 
  -  Very good, very tough, we enjoyed it a lot. Personally, br I would not have done stage four without going home br for even more equipment or something, but my friend br did it successfully. Thanks for a good afternoon.
  -  Second to find, not bad. If only there were more caches like this! Nctreker has outdone himself on this one. Two weeks ago I tried to find the clue at stage 1 but gave up after looking everywhere  I thought  and not seeing it. After getting a small hint from nctreker, I went back with a friend and found the clue in the first 5 minutes, of course in the only place I had not looked before. It took us about 3 hours to do the other stages and find the cache. We did not need any climbing aids  ie, rope etc , although I can see where they could be useful. We did need a flashlight, and we did get our clothes dirty and our feet wet. Binoculars would have been handy at one stage. Ticks and poison ivy are additional threats. Having a partner is helpful, both for another pair of eyes and to get help in case of injury. In my opinion, the third stage is the most dangerous; at stages 2 and 4 there are ways to mitigate the risk and the degree of risk one assumes can be controlled, but there is very little one can do about the exposure at stage 3 except to be move slowly and carefully.  We looked a long time before finally spotting the cache at the last stage. Took two key rings and left a pocketknife, a fossil, and a bottle of shampoo. Kudos to nctreker!
  -  Thought I would parrot NDaves efforts and log. Unfortunately it wasnt in the first place I looked; or the second, or the third, fourth;  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  well, you get the picture.
  -  I said what he said.
  -  JackcacheNC and MrPandhisgirls  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  FTF  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle !   What an AWESOME EXPERIENCE!  Mere words cannot describe the emotions we experienced finding this cache.  This is, by far, the most INCREDIBLE caching experience we have to date.  The two of us have been to some interesting caches in the past year, but nothing compares to the exhilaration we had throughout every stage of this multi!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle    p Stage 1  Earth   Felt like we were transported back in time to the World War II.  We got a bang out of this one!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  p Stage 2  Wind    Windtalkers alone on the precipice taking in a multitude of emotions and scenery.  This one took our breath away.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  p Stage 3  Fire    We really began to get heated up on this stage, knowing we were closing in on the final stage.  The Rednecks famous last words came to play many times  many more times than we wanted today .  Hey yall watch this!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   p Stage 4  Water    As Jim Stafford sang I dont like spiders and snakes...  Water mocassin swam by us, but by this point we had very little fear left.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   Besides, we saw that he couldnt have been hungry based on the 5 inch bulge in his her side.     img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_clown.gif border 0 align middle  p Finally got to the container,  been there...got the T shirts!  See the attached photos... br Traded our goods with your goods...no Happymeal toys here...Restocked with a first aid kit, Army of One keychain, Flashlight, National Guard Pencils, and more. p Best of all, in every stage of this series, we kept saying I used to do this when I was a kid...NO FEAR p In all seriousness, please heed the warnings in the cache description.  This is one of the most intensive caches in our area and we recommend that NO ONE does this multicache alone...at anytime! It is a very physically demanding cache, but is also a very rewarding cache. p 2 Hours, 10 Minutes start to finish.  Beer us!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br NCTREKER....UDAMAN!
  -  Since I was in the area, I decided to take a look at the 1st stage not expecting to find anything.  Once on site it was the first place I looked.  Ok, lets see what stage two is all about.  I dont own the special equipment needed for this so Ill have to work on that before coming back.  I was tempted to try without any equip, but it was wet and slick, not a good combination for me on my best day!  Looks fun, cant wait to get everything lined up for it.
  -  Today was devoted completely to nctrekers great caches in the Butner and Oxford area. What a day we found 10 altogether and missed only 1 and this was it!!!  We knew we were way in over our heads on this one but we were so close we decided to look at it.  We got to the first stage and looked all over  well obviously not ALL over  and couldnt find it.  After a few people find the final we may give it a stab again.  Thanks for the adventure and the wonderful day.
GCH1FD: 
  name: &quot;Beam Me Up Scotty&quot; by CrotalusRex and Mimichan
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=81ac90fb-0e93-4d40-b612-cc4141d57ef1&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Visiting Max patch and found this great cache. TW was with us. TNLNSL. TFTC. p R & T F
  -  Im sorry to report that James Doohan Scotty Has passed away today.
  -  Found and SL TN LN, I think this is the most amazing cache I have found so far. Very interesting,TFTC
  -  fun cache thanks. tn ln.
  -  Awesome container.  We drove right by the cache with a mini van and a sedan.  Beautiful day mix of rain and sun.  T Truck, Geocompass, and of all things a zip tie  amazing how a 5 y.o. mind works . L  game and sunglasses  kids  and emergency whistle.  Thanks for the hide. Raleighbells  Pa, Ma, Tinker & Baby with TheInLaws .
  -  The family and I  and Chloe the wiemeraner  took the road from the Max Patch parking area to the cache site.  Easy enough to find, but the container gave the kids a fit.  Could have driven right up to the site, but we needed the excercise.  Took Star Trek cards and left two Star Wars figures.  We then took the cross country route back to the car, cutting straight through the woods.  Not recommended for the faint of heart.  It is steep and full of brambles but does save 1 4 mile of walking.  What a beautiful area!  This was the second cache of the day, after the Max Patch cache  GCK2QM .  Thanks for hiding the cache   it is in good condition and well hidden.  Even on this Memorial Day weekend, there was no traffic on this particular road.
  -  Found this while performing a little trail magic for some AT thru hikers.  Nice hide and an interesting cache container!  TNLN, TFTH! NCBeisers, Raleigh NC
  -  After all my times visiting Max Patch I had never taken the time to explore this area.  Thanks for giving me a reason to slip across the border and see another part of these beautiful hills!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p Als, I Love the container!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Stopped here after Max Patch.  First found in Tennessee.  Mud Burd and Missus DB stayed in the van.  Tightened up the lid after I left    the cache wasnt too wet even though the lid was loose when I showed up.  T  $1 bill.  L  Silver Key TB.
  -  A little warm up before our AT hike on Halloween.  Cool container.  TNLN. p Thanks, br Groundhound
  -  found it ...man that was a drive !!!! had to lock the hubs in on the pinto ..parked within 40 ft ....neat container .....need one or two like that myself.....tn ln ......signedlock ...lost phone ...fell down twice...looked like tarzan swinging from all the laurels kinda ugly!!! off to max patch  p gs and chunky 
  -  Great spot, Looked on wrong side of road 1st as gps br was jumping all over. Hard time opening but got it, br needs WD 40. Took Left nothing, thanks for the hunt.
  -   STRONG N 35° 47.654 W 082° 57.968  STRONG  br Great cache in a great spot. Very differnt container. I did remember seeing it in the picture so I knew what to expect, but was still surprised. Had some trouble getting it open, previous cacher musta had a gorilla grip.  p Posted coordinates where I found it. p Captain Kirk was up there and said those words just as he was about to be attacked by a horde of bloodthirsty alien creatures....and  again  his trustworthy engineer Scotty beamed him out just in the nick of time, as the enemys energy beams were about to vaporize his body.  p T  motion activated sound producing toy spacecraft  br    P 38 canopener br    Hollow fish keychain br    some fools gold nuggets br L  Yellow Gecko Surfer dude br    Green surfboard for above surfer dude br    Whoopeee Cushion br    CITO bag and DMFlyer card br    a $1 bill with coordinates to End of the Road Cache on it p I too kept pulling more and more bags out. I was very impressed with the size and look of the cache.  br  p.s.  Please send info on where to obtain! I have a great location at the end of a good hike  br 
  -  stopped to find your cache while hiking the AT. great hide and great container. took pill bottle and left purple flashlight.
  -  I had a little start when I reached into the container and a motion activated sound producing toy spacecraft started firing and screeching! Took music CD  love it  best cache prize I have ever found ; left Harry Potter wizard glasses. My hiking partner and I had crawled over Max Patch on the AT a few days earlier in a blizzard and white out. We returned to the area on a beautiful day to see the vistas we couldnt see on Wednesday. My partner dispensed trail magic to an AT hiker  water and snacks while I searched for the cache. TFTC
  -  great location. easy to get to,but off the beaten path.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Was up enjoying Max Patch, found cache, 1st as clan. br Really great container. Road in was not to bad. Climb up br cache was slick. Took ball with paws for new clan member  br casey, left music cd. 
  -  Found it, great site! Took Marias TB, sunglass holder and pez dispenser, left mini carbiner, P 38 canopener, toy car and action figure. TFTC and I will get the TB off to see the sights!
  -  Cool cache container! TFTC! See OzGuffs log.
  -  Great cache! Great trades! See OzGuffs log!
  -  A quick 100 mile round trip to find this cache! The kids went willingly  after I bribed them  and had a great time! We wound up at the Max Patch parking spot and doubled back to the turn off. The MDX had no trouble with the drive down to the cache location, but we went past it and had to do a 7 point turn. We parked as close as we could and the kids converged on the cache, which was easily found. p My daughter, OzMeg, initially complained that there wasnt much in the cache, but then kept pulling more and more bags out. They were both very impressed with the size and look of the cache.  Please send info on where to obtain! I have a great location at the end of a 3 4 mile hike.  p We took 4 mini cars, the C3PO Pez dispenser, a Lego guy, a $1 bill, and a sports ball keychain  which is destined to be reincarnated as a travel bug ; left a large Army man, a tennis ball dog toy, an Edward Jones Mighty Grip Kitchen Tool, a keychain pill fob  great for that micro cache hide , and Marias Birthday Bug TB  recently from the UK . p The Star Trek trading cards were in a bit of a mess so I popped them into a small Ziploc bag.  I would have taken them too but I had taken a similar pack from the Tube Torcher cache last month.  p Thanks for this cache! It was a ton of fun!!!  Except for explaining to my wife why we were late for dinner... 
  -  Came with teamgabe, shava4, and pur24karet. Wow. Thats a long drive up when its muddy! Dont you dare do it in a 2WD if its really wet! Itd be fine if it was dry weather. The river that the road follows is absolutely one of the most beautiful smaller rivers Ive seen. Nice cache container, too. Its deep, so dont forget to pull out all the contents! I took a StarWars stormtrooper Pez  cool!  and left a lego man  space man . Thanks for cache...it was fun driving all the way back up to the cache after we realized teamgabes cell phone was left up there...Its about a half hour drive one way in wet weather  give or take .
  -  With Shava4, Mtnlion and Teamgabe on caching adventure. This was one of several caches we did today. What a beautiful drive up to the cache site, but unbelievably muddy. Sure glad Shava4 was driving. I had been wanting to do this cache since it was placed, its not to far from my home. Im so glad I waited on this one because I truly enjoyed finding it with new Friends. It was hid in a very interesting place and in an interesting container. Took Shava4s soap, Left Star Trek Spaceship.Thanks for the beautiful drive and neat cache! p  This entry was edited by PUR24KARET on Sunday, January 18, 2004 at 5 27 37 PM. 
  -  Out with Shava4, MtnLion and Pur24Karet. The road was quite muddy from the rain, but Shavas expert driving got us to our goal while enjoying the waterfalls along the way. We need to come back again to enjoy the water when it is warmer! I took Superman TB and left a sports keychain. We had to navigate the road twice since I unfortunately dropped my cell phone. We luckily found it on the return trip. Thanks for the cache!
  -  Quite an adventure! L_O_N_G road up, but pretty. Unfortunately too foggy for any long views, but nice just the same. Cache looks like a bomb!! Nothing will be getting in that sucker and it is wedged in too! Took a light and quarter pounder, left a glasses holder and some Stud Bubbles. Thanks for the hunt!
  -  Send Superman TB north!
  -  Fun cache!  Lots of snow on the ground and in the trees.  Very pretty, but bitterly cold  upper teens maybe, on a day when it was well above freezing in Asheville .  Our sisters first cache, and she found was the one who found it!  Shes hooked!  No trouble locating it, but couldnt get it open at first.  We thought maybe we werent trying hard enough, but it turns out we should have tried less. Managed to get it open, but broke off the tip  1 4 inch or so, see photo  of one side of the handle in doing so.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  Turns out it was frozen shut by ice that had pooled between lid and canister.  Still works great, just isnt quite as pretty.  Sorry!  Excellent treasures inside.  Signed log and left Superman TB.  Took Meriwether TB. Our tracks up the bank were noticeable in the snow despite efforts to cover them.  Taking a roundabout route up and through the trees when you get close may prevent this in future snow visits.  Thanks for the great cache in a beautiful place!   p  This entry was edited by Karma Hunter on Saturday, January 10, 2004 at 7 37 27 PM. 
  -  Found it at 4 45 p.m. on a very cold and windy day.  Luckily, it wasnt covered by snow but much of the area was.  Great cache.  Took Appalachian Traveling Trail Coin and left Meriwether L. T.B. p Thanks, br Jollymon9999 br 
  -  Great cache ,really cool container.I had wanted yo see where this road went anyway.Just made a nice stop on the way down to gulf creek.Theyve called me Scotty since I was born.I spend most days solving problems .Thanks for the dedication and the cache.Took yoda pez ,left zip tys and map to wolf creek falls, a few miles from here  beautiful place .
  -  Our second attempt this weekend to locate the correct way in from our Smokemount camp site. We tried to come in from the southeast only to find some very interesting, but well maintained, gravel roads.  not too many in Indiana would have thought you could put a road up there . We managed to get within three miles of the cache this way. I think there might be a path somewhere in there. The people on their porches apparently were not used to out of town site see ers up there and the road was getting smaller. p We drove with in 12 feet of the cache. Great idea for a container!! This find was a lot of fun, Thanks. p T  Bones and a Smiley Face Travel Bug p L  Leopard Skin Jasper, A.T. Geo Coin rescued in an way out of the way cache at Rose Island Indiana, and a wheres George dollar found in a Lexington, Ky cache.  p 
  -  I too was visiting Max Patch today. What a day it was...Perfect weather, great sunlight for photos, and a geocache in the area.  What more could anyone ask.  Took nothing but left some fools gold nuggets in the log bag. br Thanks for the hunt.  73  K9FIK
  -  great cache in a great spot.very differnt container.max patch was very crowded but cache location was nice and quite. if the weather is dry you can drive to within 12 feet of cache,while hiking in i was pasted by a pt cruiser coming out.                                                 took light stick                                            left quarter pounder                                        P.S.this was my 100th cache
  -  Dropped off Sunny Face TB in cache to travel on its way...CrotlausRex and Mimichan
GC1E1B: 
  name: Great Big Hole in the Enchanted Mountains by CrotalusRex (of T.###.Ex.T)
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=f4758767-bcba-47b9-98ee-52416d7c0526&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  This cache is probably my favorite.  It is the most dangerous as well.  I dont recomend taking younger cachers to this one.  Nor accident prone people.  We found it with team Rockrunners.  TNLN.  thanks for the hide.
  -  this was the most dangerous  cache ive found yet. wasnt too difficult to find with the map. took colombia coin menat to leave a piece of unakite and forgot. will return at a later date to leave it. great cache
  -  I went to cool dip and a cave too today and got part one of this cache out of the way.  I had my 2 and 5 year olds with me so I couldnt complete the journey this time but I will be back.  TFTH.  Cool dip it cool.
  -  I spent way too much time thinking about this one..but maybe it paid off...went right to it without any trouble..this time.  p It doesnt seem much like January in the mountains with such warm temperatures. My son was even wearing shorts and a tee shirt today. Sitting on the ledge and looking through the cache contents would have been downright peaceful if it hadnt been for our dog whining...We didnt dare let him go all the way to the cache container though I think he was willing to try. p There was a Jeep from Indiana in the parking lot but the young couple it belonged to didnt pay any attention to us. After the cache we capped off the afternoon with a short hike to the Plunge Basin at Linville Falls. Beautiful! p Thanks for another fun one, we enjoyed it! TN Left a bronze commemorative coin from the Air & Space Museum.
  -  When I arrived at 10 45 this morning there was ice in the side ditches. I had sent the wife off to work, loaded the truck, and began the journey. I do the dangerous” caches when she isnt along. She is afraid of heights and I know she wouldnt attempt this one. If she had known where I was going today she wouldnt let me attempt it either. With all the insurance I carry, life, ADD, 401K, and several other nest eggs you would think she would encourage adolescent behavior. Women, never will understand em. p I found the spot and the cache rather quickly. Im kind of glad because the sun wasnt going to reach where I was for a while and I had plans for a near by cache later on. I took in the sights for a couple minutes, signed the log and placed everything back. I had the whole place to myself, saw no one else, no cars, nothing. The sweet sound of an ammo box in the high lonesome and the rhythmic beating of my heart is all that could be heard. p I have faced several fears this week. I crawled on my belly in a cave, scaled craggy peaks near the Grandfather, and now tippy toed on a narrow, covered with wet leaves ledge. And least I forget; stepped in a pile of something that looked and smelled like something a bear would do in the woods! p Thanks for this wonderful experience. I have been here countless times but never have I reached the level that I reached today. TNLN had a great time. p mr007s,,,,,Life is Good br 
  -  After finding cool dip & cave too, we just had to give this one a try. Ive seen this spot from lots of places around the Gorge but never have stopped by. What a wonderful spot, gorgeous view, very quiet on a cool and cloudy Sunday. p Explored lots of places but none really looked quite right. Climbed down the mossy rocks and found a few big holes to climb into...but no cache. Still not convinced I had the right landmarks shown on the map. There was also a really large pile of foul smelling scat right at ground zero...must have been a big dog...right!?!
  -  Oh the agony.  So close.  And yet so far.  Co ords had us dancing around a burned out tree nowhere near the ledge.  Just didnt feel like right, so we ignored GPSr and spidermanned on some wet mossy rocks for a while.   p Found a letterbox cache by accident    what duh?   p Guess well have to look for this one another time.  Definitely NOT one for the cubs!   p GalPals all had a blast today.  Who knew that one of them was acutally an Outward Bound climbing instructor in her pre mommy days.  And why wasnt she the one choking the life out of the rocks along the ledge  because she knew better than to climb wet mossy rocks she said when she finally came to get me down.  p Cant wait to see the photos.  Sure my butt looks very small from that angle. p Will be back as soon as I can sneak away again! br 
  -  Ditto to Orthoguy.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shy.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  We were unable to find the cache in which the initial info was located but we were able to piece together enough clues from the logs and with the help of the map we were able to find it without much difficulty. Fantastic location. p Cache is in good shape but is in dire need of re stocking. p Thank you for the great hunt. p Regards, p Orthoguy br and br Adventurechick
  -  Go for the hole...it should be OK now!
  -  Is this cache available?  Im in NC for the week and I really want to go for it.  Please let us know. p Thanks!
  -  I got the coords for this cache on 3 27 03 but just now getting around to searching for it. Glenda and I bounced up the rough, dirt road in the old Honda jeep and finally made it to the parking area. I hadnt been to Wisemans View in over thirty years and a lot had changed. The view was as spectacular as I remembered it and we also got to see some peregrine falcons soaring above the gorge. The cache location was interesting  and precarious  but not bad if you take your time. The cache itself was rather empty so we took nothing and left a light stick, golf ball and a couple of mini biners. Thanks for the great hunt! p MAG315 & Glenda  p  This entry was edited by MAG315 on Monday, May 24, 2004 at 6 37 15 PM. 
  -  With the help of CrotalusRex to supply the missing hint, I found this one early today. GREAT place for a cache, just dont slip! Replaced the missing hint at the start of this cache, so all is now well...   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  CacheMonkeez on the scene from Orlando. This is our first 4.5 4.5 cache. Well deserved based on peril factor. One little slip and youre a goner. p No slips here, found the cache with no problem after spending some time down below looking for it. p Thanks for the cool hide.
  -  This one was probably the most dangerous cache Ive attempted. Safety ropes would be recomanded. I went out the trail and went down under it just to see how high the bluff was. Got some good px from below.. and of the burnt stump. Probably 150+ stright drop. Anyway.. found it and signed log. TNLN. br Thanks br Streetdoc p Oh, I was afraid it would be closer to the overlooks where there are lots of people. Good hiding spot.. everybody use caution.. br 
  -  FIND #6 FOR ME. 10 11 2003 @ 3PM. THE VIEWS FROM HERE ARE BEAUTIFUL. FOUND CACHE SITE BUT NO CACHE. HAD TO READ MORE OF THE LOGGED VISITS TO FIND THIS ONE. ONCE I LEARNED THE CACHE HAD BEEN RE ESTABLISHED ELSE WHERE, I FOUND IT WITH A BIT OF LUCK.TOOK KEY CHAIN FLASH LITE AND LEFT GEORGE TIMES TWO. BOX IN GREAT SHAPE.WAS AN ADVENTURE GETTING DOWN TO BOX. USED ROPE FOR SAFETY.WET TERRIAN.THANKS CROTALUSREX FOR THE ADVENTURE.
  -   A HREF http   www.markrebuck.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Found it with streamgirl and Holden.  See her note  below  for details.
  -  Yippee!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle   Back two months after our initial visit and were successful this time around!  Our group of first time geocachers attempted Great Big Hole in June having no experience with caching and neglecting to print out the map.  MarkRebuck, Holden  the dog , and I returned with a little more experience under our belt only to find that the cache was in the exact spot wed been before.  It seems we got thrown off course the last time by a Tupperware hidden in the same locale and we gave up looking too quickly.  In fact, we think we might have stepped on the actual cache in reaching for the empty Tupperware!  Thanks again for a great cache   you brought us to a wonderful spot twice, and now we are making plans to come back and camp nearby.  Wish they all could be this cool! p Cheers, br streamgirl & Holden p  last edit  9 22 2003 5 27 13 AM PST 
  -  Had to make a second trip to get this one. After studying the map at home, went straight to it. I was all over it the 1st time there, just failed to have the map. Anyways, really enjoyed this one. Cache is in an excellent place. And some fantastic views are there to be seen. Loved to hear the river roaring below. Left some well sealed kids candy, and retrieved Peace Froggin to continue its travels.
  -  Ol Joe and I got so worked up upon finding this treasure that we got poetic and penned a little gag into the log. Dont worry, the poems no good but anyone who gets to read it will have a memory of a fantastic hike, and a very challenging find. Thanks for such an inspiring placement, Ol Joe and I are gonna have to get creative to play ball in this league.
  -  It is places like this, and hides like this that keep bringing me  back.  A friend was with me and we had a great time here. Hell be logging also.  The terrain and the views are awesome. Something about this one makes it very easy to look in the wrong place, but I wont say more. The cache was in very good shape except that the buckeye was mildewing and soggy, so I took it out. Other than that I took nothing and left only a log entry. Thanks CRex for a good hunt. br OJC
  -  #3 of 4 attempted today  3 successes .  This one did me in.  I got within 15 20’ but the area was very damp from a week of daily rains.  I am too old fat chicken to attempt this one without a top rope belay.  I hated getting this close and not being able to succeed, but common sense prevailed. p I apologize for the delay in posting.  We just got back to Florida from a week’s  29 cache  vacation. p Thanks for the hunt…………………….Eagle Dad & Xenia br 
  -  According to C Rex and Commissar, it sounds like we JUST missed finding the cache.   Regardless, we were treated to some wonderful views, both in the vicinity of the cache and along the road to the access.  Definitely worth a return visit to find it.  Getting the coordinates at the Dip and Cave cache was awesome too!    p  br  last edit  6 30 2003 7 38 04 AM PST 
  -  THIS WAS THE BEST GEOCACHE LOCATION THAT I HAVE BEEN TO YET   br                                 DONT FEAR IT,    DO IT! p …and now the rest of the story… p We started hunting for this cache on April 2nd and finally made it to the Great Big Hole today!  We were not, however, looking for the cache the entire time.  We had to stop in the middle for an unexpected trip to the emergency room  which had nothing to do with Geocaching , and then return to our real jobs…But I knew that I must someday return and finish what I started…and today was the day!   p The Volvo T 5 70 Series wagon is not the vehicle of choice for traversing such a highway.  Its more at home on paved surfaces where tight in the corners and high pressure turbo chargers really mean something.  Words of wisdom from Windy…Next time we go geocaching we will drive the Pathfinder!   p Once we made it to the area of the cache we enjoyed the views from the designated locations, and then from several other better spots that were great  but with no fences or railings we had to be careful because Treebird and Hotwheel1 have not yet gained a full appreciation for gravity and how it relates to cliffs! p Eventually as the crowds thinned out I slipped away in hot pursuit of the cache leaving the remainder of Team Commissar to cover my back.  I followed the GPSr to a ledge where it zeroed out and looking around I didnt see anything like what I remembered from the picture.  In keeping with my healthy respect for gravity I did not look too far over the cliff.  I pulled out the picture and once I figured out the relative scale it was easier to pinpoint the cache location. p I made my way to the target area and easily located the cache.  I signed the log, made some trades, left the Peace Froggin  travel bug, and rehid the cache.  As I recovered it I heard Dr. EVIL laughing from inside the cache and I could not help but laugh too…and it was an evil empty echoing laugh that seemed to bounce off the walls of the mountains all around and for a moment I was sure the evil swirling gravitational time displacement anomaly had once again opened to bring forth some strange geo being or transport me to beyond the great beyond!  But it was only a dream… p And this was the BEST Geocache location that I have been to yet… p I cant wait to do the Tube Torcher! p The Commissar p  br  last edit  8 12 2002 8 37 58 AM PST 
  -  Finally found it! Tried this one a few weeks ago with just the map & got all screwed up. Went back today with no map  forgot it  & found it....go figure! Actually got a few clues from Spyder but still spent 45 min. looking. No one else was around thank goodness. Its hidden very well & in a unique spot. It rained this morning so area was pretty slick. br Took a lightstick & left a small flashlight plus a butterfly from Miss Addy.
  -  First multi cache, we had a great time even though it was drizzling rain on off the entire day, which made it a little slippery. The clouds were so low, you couldnt see the gorge, but I will be back on better day to have another look. Took multi tool and left a Hotwheels car.  Thanks...
  -  first find today found without any problems.i used to climb in this area just around from the cache site.the ground was slick from the rains and made things a little hairy.cache is in good shape and well hidden.took ask jeeves,left spyders buckeyes and multi tool.hope to get the scorcher next weekend. br           thanx
  -  Dr. Evil will be pleased to know that at exactly 15 32 on 2 24 2002 MINI ME walked out of an evil swirling gravitational time displacement anomoly and into the new and most bloodily heinous TUBE TORCHER geocache near Asheville Hendersonville NC!  He awaits your help in reuniting him with his father. br Who will find him first???  br CRex  
  -  ALERT...ALERT...a time displacement has appeared in subspace and changed the gravitational constant of the universe  only above the Asheville NC area  and soon...out of it will come a sumprme EVIL FORCE known as MINI ME.  THE LOCATION OF Dr. Evils demented little unstable clone  and a rather stupendous new geocache  IS ABOUT TO BE REVEALED!!!! Keep your eyes peeled and protect your MOJO because once the location of MINI ME is revealed...no ones ankles will ever be safe again.  br CRex br 
  -  Oh man...we missed C. rex again today! We were at Cool Dip and a Cave this evening and found the clue and coords. for the BRAND NEW GBHITEM cache!!!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Although LM and I were planning on Cool Dip to be our last cache for the day, we then knew that we HAD to complete this one after our last attempt  which found the cache gone!  br    Drove up to the area where we expected to find it, walked to an area within 50 ft. of the target coords, and scratched my head as I peered over into the canyon. Hmmm...  A minute later LM calls out that she has found fresh tracks leading down the ledge. We take the ledge and knowing C. Rexs fetish for rocks and crevices walk over to find the cache!!!  br    A superb hiding spot!! I dont think we have to worry about anyone stumbling on this one this time! We took Dr. Evil and the Cherokee book and left a brand new Ask Jeeves page a day calendar and a beer coozy from Andros  the island in the Bahamas where LMs brother lives .  br    We covered this one back just as we found it! p                         Thanks for restoring the cache in such a great spot! p                    Wanderlust and Laughing Moon br            
  -  Hi Folks!! The Great Big Hole Geocache is back on line!! It is hidden in an even better location and it is now a multi stage hunt!! You will not be dissapointed with this geocache hunt! br Cheers, br CrotalusRex 
  -  Hi Folks...it looks like the Big Hole cache has vanished...could it be the work of the Brown Mtn. Lights, elves, Elvis, trolls, Jimmy Hoffa, smurfs or hobgoblins?  It would be nice to think it was spirited away by one of the previous but from the evidence witnesed by WL and LM it is most likely the work of even worse...local indigenous life forms commonly reffered to as inbread rednecks.  I wish the fleas of 1 million mangy, stinking, steaming camels to infest the private places of whoever took the cache.  It may be gone but it will return... br ...CrotalusRex has spoken.  br   
  -  Im really getting bummed at always having to be the bearer of bad news on C. Rexs caches!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle   br Laughing Moon and I know this cache location very well so we stopped by for a quick cache hunt on our way up to Boone today. Within minutes we found the correct overlook, the trail, the overhang, the smaller overhang underneath the larger overhang, the lone brier bush and the crack hole back behind it....with absolutely nothing in it!  You could even see the slight impact of where and how it had been lying in the hole. We looked all around in case it might have rolled down the rocks but nada...zilch.  Seeing that no one has logged it for 2 months along with several beer cans in the vicinity leads me to believe it has been found and snagged.  I even shoved my arm past the brier bush way back into the crack, but I knew a 24 inch PVC cylinder would be visible.  It was such a beautiful day and great clear views. We took some pictures and I will email C. Rex some of them to verify that we were at the right crack. But I am 99.9% positive, especially considering that our Etrex hit zeroed out right in front of the crack! So we hung out for a while and then went and had much greater success with the Appalachian High cache!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  We hope C. Rex replaces the cache in this vicinity. Its a dynamic place! p                Bummed at the loss of Great Big Hole cache   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  br                    Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  -  This was one of the most beautiful cache’s we have ever visited.  It was an easy find and a bumpy road however.  We did not stay that night to see the lights, but we did come back the next night.  We were treated to a wonderful view of the Brown Mountain Lights. p Inspector & Renee br 
  -   A HREF http   www.mindspring.com ~replay geocache index.htm target _blank Users web page  A  br This has been one of my most SURREAL experiences.  It all started with a vacation trip to the mountains.  I did a little geocache research and downloaded a bunch of waypoints, but didnt have time to read all the notes  a very important detail .  We ended up at Linville Caverns and I notice we are only a few miles from this waypoint.  We work our way around to the Linville falls and the park ranger suggests we visit the Wiseman view.  He says it is only 4 miles down the dirt road, I am thinking that is real close to this waypoint!  So I turn on the GPS and we drive the mini van down the dirt road  an adventure in itself! .  We get to the spectacular view and the GPS is saying 6ft!  Im practically standing on it, I think.  But with out the Cache notes, it would be hard to find in this very public place.  So, I casually start examining the shrubery while people are milling about.  I am guessing in the bushes or under a pile of rocks   just off the over view.  After sometime with no luck I decide to give it one last shot.  There are two couples standing on the overlook when I start moving along the clift.  They must think I am a nut because I am crouched down examining all the nooks and cranies near the overview.  Collecting lichen samples is my cover story, but I never had to use it.  Finnally, I come around to the small path and can see the Grotto.  Thats gotta be it!  No longer is plain site, I dart under the ledge.  Now, I am real excited, but I left my backpack up top.  I question weather to take the cache up, go get my pack  and risk a return , or just sign the cache.  I make the quick decision to sign the cache and get back to my pack.  Beutiful site, wish I had more time to enjoy it!  I replace the cache and take a quick look up on the wall.  Someone is taking a picture, didnt see me, Ill wait another second.  Then I start to hear... AMAZING GRACE!  What is going on, some woman is singing Amazing Grace?  Did I fall and go to heaven?  But this voice has full accompement.  Ive gotta get out of here.  So, I bolt up to the side of the clift and there are about a dozen people coming down the path.  There is a boom box playing Amazine Grace and people setting up cameras!  So much for a graceful exit.  I dart up the trail with my head down.  Apearantly, this was some kind of memorial service.  I got out just before it started and people didnt seem to care that I just popped up from under the clift!  It was too surreal!  But, thanks for a great cache!  I hope the NPS, lets you keep it.  I did notice some beer cans in the grotto  sorry couldnt get them at the moment , who ever left them must not have noticed the cache!  Thanks much!
  -  We found our way here after a pleasant drive from the Dreams of Flight cache. We have found quite a few caches, and this is one of the top 2 or 3 views we have seen for a cache location.  There were quite a few people around today, but I think we slipped down to the cache unnoticed.  There were some really cool comments in the log book that we enjoyed reading.  While we were examining the contents, we saw a lizard in a nearby tree.  Ive never seen one like him around here, he looked like a true chameleon  independent eyes, prehensile tail... .  We were impressed at how well the area has recovered from the wildfires last year.  We took a silver heart necklace, and a little sock monkey, and left a piece of amethyst and some pick up sticks.  We left the binoculars that were in the cache so the next visitors can use them to enjoy the spectacular view.  Thanks for placing this cache in such a perfect spot.....Botrytisfree and Erwinia    
  -  Spyder left the Geo Chicken at In The Woods cache in S.C.
  -  We made it to the cache area around 6 30 tonight. The road from the south leads up the mountains along the ridge. With most of the foliage turning, it seemed like we were driving through a painting. From the parking area, its a short walk to the cache. We were signing the log book as a group gathered overhead. They were quite startled when we popped out of the bushes. We waited around until after sunset to view the Brown Mountain lights as well as the rising red moon. Wish our photos had turned out better.  Anyway, we took the copy of The Hobbit  thanks , and left an Etrex protective case. Cache locations dont get much better than this...
  -  TRYING TO LOG MY FINDS.
  -  Another find by Spyder. He seems to have all the luck these days...or is it skill?...hmmmm. Great place & an excellent veiw. Hadnt been up here in a few years. Ive actually saw the lights...they do exist! He took the Traveling Chicken to relocate on the coast this weekend. I took the Bird of Prey to relocate somewhere. Also took the little tractor. Left a Croakies sunglass holder, trademark spyder, rubber snake, trout flies & Miss Addys trademark butterfly.  br Were we the first to find this cache?? br Thanks for an interesting day.
  -  Found the cache no problem.  Beautiful area I had br never seen before...it really lives up to its name! br Ill be back for sure to look for the lights and br possibly hike down to the river.  Left a trinket and br took the Klingon Cruiser and Locutus of Borg.  I br will be taking them on a trip west...possibly to br Texas!  br Live long and prosper... br CanisRufus br of  T.S.M.Ex.T br 
GC32AC: 
  name: PAVILION KEY SUNSET TREE  by CrotalusRex of T.###.Ex.T and TubaMan1040.
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=187353b8-a7b2-49b6-b788-6d591a1fa6ba&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  On this gorgeous Monday morning, three of us headed out to the Everglades.  A girl could ask for more than this beautiful day and to have two men at her beck and call.   After hitting Waton’s place we headed out to Pavilion Key.  Saw a lot of campers out on the North sand bar, and even say a couple of dolphins off to the east of the key.  Sad to say I was still a little queasy from our adventure at Ed place, but we circled the island a few time and OB was sure he spotted Sunset Tree.   So we made short work of this cache and head off to Everglades City so I could get a little break before heading back to Homestead.    Thanks to OB for all his efforts in making this an enjoyable trip and to Chico for aiding and abiding a couple of geocacher in their goal.   p Thanks for bring us out to such a beautiful spot. br Lj br 
  -  We flew over to do the other near by virt so while we were in the area we buzzed over the Key. I got some pictures of the Key and what I suspect is the Sunset Tree which I will post later...thanks it was a GREAT day for flying!  p Ob 
  -  Great place to visit& fish the shore line,but be ready for the bugs.
  -  What a ride! The tree looks as if it were once a prop for an old Boris Karloff movie. Its defenitly freeky looking compared to all the other vegetation surounding it. br Great virtual. p Visit   a href http   www.geocaching.com seek log.aspx?LUID 45b85cfb f000 4a39 b13f f6d27848f7cc target _blank visit link  a    br for pics of me and Litngbug p  This entry was edited by Magellin on Tuesday, May 18, 2004 at 7 38 36 PM. 
  -  FTF Log at 1 50 PM today with Magellin! Long boat ride from Lovers Key. Very nice island in the middle of nowhere, ospreys were very noisey. lots of raccoon tracks in sand, loads of plants on island, including catus. saw remnants of compass rose beneath tree. pics are posted br thanks for the cache br litngbug p  This entry was edited by litngbug on Saturday, April 24, 2004 at 6 02 29 PM. 
GCA707: 
  name: Planetfall - The Lost Adventure by 9Key
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?ID=42759&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Best cache we have done in a while. We have been to this neighborhood a while back to check out another cache.  Great houses.  The area could support larger cache containers for sure.  Solving the game brough back some memories of the first computer games. TNLNSL
  -  Best cache in a while.  Lots of cache worthy place in the final area.
  -  What can I say but THIS WAS FUN! Cant believe it hasnt had any hits for nearly 7 months. Got the game downloaded, installed, and found the coordinates in about 35 minutes. This brought back memories of the very early 80s when we first got access to the mainframe at work through a handful of remote terminals spread throughout the plant for computerized work orders. One of the system guys put a clandestine copy of Adventure on it, and the word got around how to access it. We used to stay an hour or two after work to play it. After that, I played these kind of games on my first home computer, a TI 99 4A. p Found my wallet and ID card with no problem. The wallet was on the ground completely in the open, so I replaced it where it looked like it should have been  at least it was a very good fit  only about a foot away. Its in good shape. p Found the payroll department and got paid with no problem. The log was slightly damp, but there was no water in the cache, so it was probably condensation. Nothing to worry about. The walk to it was gorgeous, and the houses  Oh My Gosh! Youd have to own the payroll department to buy one of these. But, since my pockets are full since I just got paid, maybe Ill go buy one  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle . p Thanks for all the work you put into this one, 9Key. I had a great time! TNLN. SL. Thanx!
  -  Your wallet has been replenished with new cards!
  -  Technically I did not do this cache correctly. I did the final two stages, without ever playing the game. GoaT Sniffer had played and I stole the cooridinates from him.  br Thanks for the cache. br TN L  cat toy and a purple keychain compass. br SL
  -  10 41am p Decided to finish this one up today. When I was here last, I remember seeing where the location of the cache was but looked in the wrong location. Well...found the payroll department and got paid! Although, there was nothing in the container except the log. JTaylor Squared was with me and we went and found his wallet first before coming over to the payroll department. There are only two ID cards remaining in the wallet   FYI. p Took  Nothing br Left  Black 10 sided die br SL p Thanks!
  -  Went looking for this.  got the coords from the game, however, I never found my wallet.  Im still new, so it only stands to reason that I should not find alot.  Ill head back and look again, if someone can give me a hint on the first one.  
  -  What a great concept.  I found the coords in the game very quick, but I kept looking around because I was expecting more.  That sure reminded me of some great games I used to play.  Found wallet with no problem on 7 7.  Looked for final stage, but came up empty.  I went back today after talking to Grimlock.  I looked for a certain landmark, and there it was.  The coords were about 30 feet off.  The cache is still there, with the signitures from back in February.  Thanks for the cache. br TollyTX
  -  Found my wallet and ID card no problem. However, I could not find the payroll department and I may have paid the ultimate price in my search. The location is nothing but a meadow of poison ivy. It is every where and I could not find any way around it. I searched all over for the payroll department with no find. Might have to come back in the winter when the PI is gone, if it ever does!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Went with microxot, tstar & tman.  Fun cache.
  -  Had fun finding this one with KBell, TStar, and Tman.   It was fun trying to get through all the puzzles.  Really like where the final cache was located. br T n L N SL
  -  What a cool cache!! Need I say more?  We didnt use any waypoints or map software, so the only somewhat tricky part was finding places to park. Loved the cache...thanks 9key!! br We were the first ones to sign the new log, so it felt like a FTF for us. br Tstar
  -  I stopped by the cache today to drop off 5 more ID cards and to check the ammo can. No ammo can. I found some of the camo, so it must have been muggled. p Luckily I had a ready to go container in the car and placed a new final stage in a less busy park.
  -  This one took some teamwork!  No WinZip on the old computer at home and the dial up takes forever to download.  With the assistance of a 14 year old family member who knows his way around computers  one of the Jabinc gang we got the game going on a newer computer.  Of course I didnt have a clue about these IF games but Jabinc says his middle school computer teacher used to give them tasks to solve using these type of games....and he thought it was boring!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle    I figured out the basics and spent about 15 minutes making some progress.  Jabinc comes back to help me navigate and we find the wallet in less then 2 minutes! Didnt get to look for the wallet until a week later and it was already dark when we were in the area so had to wait until today.  Found the wallet, ID card, and got paid!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Left the ID card in the wallet since it was the only one there. At the payroll department we T  mini knife and sand dollar   L  USA ribbon pins, state quarters, carbiners, mini halloween frisbee, and football jersey style koozie. Thanks for a cool cache!  p  p 
  -  I hate you 9key!  This cache made me start re playing the Infocom games.  Ahh..the memories. p I took a canadian geocoin from stage 2 and a skull pencil from final stage.  Left old maid card game at final stage. p Thanks for a fun and different cache!
  -  First of eight today.  This was a great cache and I enjoyed it trememdously.  Thanks 9Key for a truly different kind of cache.  Took   ID Card  Left   Canadian GeoCoin  p  This entry was edited by cparch1 on Friday, October 10, 2003 at 2 48 07 PM. 
  -   A HREF http   www.akulakat.com home target _blank Users web page  A  br This cache was  b GREAT!!  b   I spent about an hour last night trying to figure out what to do with the software and how to play the game.  I never really got into these type games.  Once I figured out how to move around and what to do,  it only took me 15 20 minutes to find the clue to go to the next stage.   br  br Both the following stages are well hidden too.  I really enjoyed this cache.  It is different from all the others and I didnt have to think too hard trying to figure it out.  Thanks for taking the time to hide it,  and thanks for taking the time to create the game!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br  br T L N  S L p  last edit  9 5 2003 10 34 56 AM PST 
  -  Well, whaddya know.  We found this one on Aug. 16 or thereabouts and never logged it.  Sheesh.  I  i remember  i  writing a log, saying what a clever idea, but maybe I got disconnected or something in the middle.  Or else it got lost among the nine other logs we posted. p Anyway!  It took two days to do  well, 3 if you count starting on the computer at home...old hands at text adventures, we are, so that part was easy , because it got dark before we could find the second stage and we didnt have flashlights with us but did have cranky kids.  I have no idea anymore what we T L, but I do know we SL.
  -  Really enjoyed this one.  The game was a great addition, even though I had trouble opening the doors  I was being too detailed .  I had to go back a second time to find my wallet because I went too late and it got dark.  All in all, this one was a lot of fun.  Loved the ID card. br Took  Modeling compound br Left  Shapes toy keychain br 
  -  Tried this at the suggestion of a friend. p Impressive.  Very creative.  Lots of effort went into this cache.  Second stage is a tough find in its own right.  Final stage has to be the best stocked cache Ive come across.  TN LN.  Thanks, 9key! p This one was bizarre for me.  I had been to both second and final cache sites before, but I didnt know there were caches there. p Im horrible at the text adventure games.  I first tried to get the coordinates without playing the game.  I loaded the game into a binary editor and searched.  I downloaded the Adrift developer toolkit and tried to open the game.  I even emailed the game to the Adrift author asking if he could unlock it for me.  Then, I tried some analysis on the formula, which put me very close, but I made the mistake of thinking the Z in the coordinates was a 2.  None of these worked for me.  I was ready to load the game into a disassembler when I was told it only takes 15 minutes to play the game. p After thirty minutes of examining and asking everything and everyone in the record store to no avail, I received a hint.  Turns out you cannot open closet.  You have to open door.   br Turned out to be more of a monkey off my back that a sense of accomplishment. p Thanks again for a clever cache. p 
  -   A HREF http   pfft.net  target _blank Users web page  A  br I had some time to kill at work today, figured why not try this one out. Enjoyed the game  and the cameos very much.. I knew Geovamp was a bum! , and we didnt have any problems with collecting our paycheck. p TNLN, thanks for a fun cache!
  -  Fun find...  Thanks for the enjoyable and unique cache!  The last ID card is very, very wet.  Much of the text is obscured and the issuing date was just _barely_ readable.  I strongly suggest the maintainer go back and replace it and put it in a baggie.
  -  Wow! Since I found my ID card and now Im waiting to get paid I decided to visit the station PX and browse the aisle. I  b took  b  a  b  ferret pin  b  and a  b ball  b . I  b left  b  my trusty yellow  b  poncho  b  and a  b lanyard wrist watch LCD thing   b .  br Thanks for the fun with such a unusual and unique find 9Key. This one brought back alot of memories of playing IF into the wee hours of the night. I left the last ID card at the first stage so that others could find it too. p  last edit  3 22 2003 5 39 51 AM PST 
  -  Logging Personal TB Through. This was a memorable Texas cache
  -  18 50 What a GREAT idea! I can remember playing those older games too! What a blast from the past. I really enjoyed the game and its characters. Im assuming the first few to find the wallet would be able to take an ID card from it. Theres one remaining but if I need to return mine I will. Id hate for no one else to get paid! Signed the log quickly at the final stage as dark was upon me and T L Nothing. Thanks 9Key for your time and effort on this one!
  -  I have reviewed this cache several times. I am horrible at those IF computer games.  Since, it was getting down to being one of last few caches within 10 miles of the homestead, it was getting more critical to work this one out. I downloaded the game in preparation.  Last Sunday, my son went in the hospital with severe flu vomiting. While waiting in the hospital while he slept, there was too much anxiety to rest, so I popped open the game.  Well, after about 45 minutes I had it licked.  My son is now home and well. So, we went on the hunt for the wallet today. Found it and the payroll office without much issue.  Thanks for the great adventure after a stressful week. TN LN. p  last edit  3 8 2003 8 18 16 PM PST 
  -   A HREF http   www.cordianet.com geocaching target _blank Users web page  A  br I hadnt really planned to find this cache this soon, but for grins and giggles Geoferret and I did the game part this past weekend. At first I would tell her which directions were available and she would pick, then she started listing the choices herself. She knows her letters and which direction goes with each, so she recognized directions by the first letters of the words. I would do the stuff. She led me straight to the right spot! So I saved the coords and tucked them away for someday. But then I realized I needed to make a trip to Plano to pick colors for some pins Im ordering. It wasnt just tremendously far out of my way to go find the cache before heading back to north Fort Worth, so we did! I almost fell for a decoy as well before I realized it was simply a trash item in the area and then promptly spotted the actual container. We went on to finish the cache, and Geoferret had great fun at the playground and made a new friend before we left. Just as I was telling her it was time to go on and find the cache box, a school bus pulls up as close to the cache location as possible, parks, and the driver gets out and procedes to wander aimlessly for a bit. We waited him out, and fortunately he seems to have just been killing time until he had to pick up at a school. Found the cache no problem. It is rather full and had nicer choices than many. I took a Planetfall postcard for my collection of signature items and special cache themed items and the Texas Geocoin 0193. Geoferret selected sidewalk chalk. We left a flashing bouncy ball, a Glidden Color @ Home CD Rom for testing out your painting plans, and our signature ferret pin. Look for the Geocoin to head west. Nice cache concept... I cant tell you how hooked I was on Zork in the early 80s!
  -   Deja Vu? Great cache!  Though, Im sure 9key is ecstatic that I finally found it!  I think he was about to disable 9key caches from my seach  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  since I kept bugging him ... lets just say my attention to detail hindered my game playing.    br Also, dont know who put it there but I fell for the dummy cache at Stage 2.  I finally broke that thing open only to realize it wasnt it!!!  br I dont know what it was!  br  Thanks for another great cache.  br T  Calculator br L  TX GeoCoin #193 
  -  Talk about an imaginative cache!  I had a great time from beginning to end.  The game gave me something to do the other night when it was too cold to go geocaching.  Found both parts without too much trouble.  I took the wheresgeorge bill and the Geocoin #22 left by alchemist2000.  They will both be on their way very soon.  Was my first time to find either kind.  I left a Ford Explorer keychain.  Nothing else would fit in the cache.  Thanks for another exciting hunt! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  This was a great cache...lots of fun!!  Thanks for all of the very hard work that obviously went in to this one.  We chose it to do for our 300th cache.  It turned out to be a great choice! p You are correct that interactive fiction was alive and well in the 80s.  We spent much, MUCH too much time playing Zork I, II, and III.   However, these were just an adaptation of the original Adventure, which goes back to the 70s.  We have fond memories of playing Adventure into the wee hours of the morning in the mid 70s when Code Poet was a grad student at Carnegie Mellon.  We were running it on a main frame computer from a teletype...probably at the blazing speed of 110 baud!!  Although I have no idea why, for many years we had a printout of the Fortran source code for Adventure.  We could not find it when we looked this week.  It must have gotten lost in a fit of cleaning frenzy some time in the intervening years.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p Thanks for the cache.  Took the wine bottle refrigerator magnet.  Left Texas geocoin #22.  PLUGH!! p Alchemist2000 and Code Poet 
  -  14 30.  T L nothing.  Was surprised to find another cache only yards away.
  -  By far the most imaginative cache with probably the most planning time that I have ever done.  The game was cool, the cards were cool.  It was awesome.  I think I might spend some time making a game of my own.  T N. L N.
  -  Finished the game at work. Decided to attempt this one after work, at night, in my summer dress have to play game to understand . Once again I dont bring the cache page or the coords. Have to try one of those memory things to try and plug in the coords. First spot drove me up to some mansions garage. Decided against knocking on their door and asking if I could cache in their garage. Plugged in something different, and that lead me to the right spot. Grabbed my ID card, but I still dont have a cache page. Call Ma Bell to help me out with the cache page description. DOHDOHDOHDOHMIDDLE OF STREETDOHDOHDOHDOHLOCK KEYS IN CARDOHDOHDOHDOHDOHDOH. I did need assistance to find the cache and therefore relinquish the first finder rights. I have also put myself on probation of finding 9key caches. As much as I love them, I continue to represent someone from Dumb and Dumber. Which ever one was Dumber. I really loved the game part, and payback is a @#!$&$%. T Grief;L Diary w lock and Address book.
GC3245: 
  name: Slick Rock Sojourn by Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=b4c42c2a-4264-4be3-a9b8-77f9e639f27c&log=y&decrypt=&pf=y
  comments: 
  -  Only had time to look for one cache on our brief visit to Highlands & we sure pick one that had a fantastic view!  The son grab the GPS, ran up the hill & had the cache before his out of shape parents could lumber up to the top! Its a steep hill if youre not in the best of shape, but the view is definitely worth it!  Left the GEO Fish Travel Bug, while Josh took the pen light since he found the cache!  Great Cache! p Thanks, br Land Surveyor & Family br Gilbert, SC br Geocaching since 2001!
  -  Found this one with the help of 6 little eyes.  Took Scar  needs a little repair  with us along with the Gibran Book, a bouncy ball, some beads, a oboe sticker.  Left some pirate coins, a pink teddy toy, and some assorted plastic toys.  TFTH!
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Went to the cache with B and J. No problems finding cache. p Two ladies came up the trail a little while after us. We sat for some time watching them take photos of flowers around the cache site. They had no idea that we were there! p Took SnapperBug TB. Left Scar TB. Scar seemed to be happy with his new surroundings and the fact that he could go hunting.  He has been in quarantine for a little while pending his entry into the USA.  p Signed log p Thanks for the cache br 
  -  Wow! Another great spot that we did not know about! My dad owns a vacation home in Sapphire Valley, and we hike the surrounding areas frequently. Wed been to the Iron Bridge many times but missed this spot. TFTC! p Took kitty magnet, Lisa toy   left SnapperBug the travel bug. p Family find   dad, his wife, my aunt, my three daughters, two dogs. Fun for all!
  -  Beautiful place, wouldve loved to have stayed for a while, but to many caches to find. Nice hide up a steep hill!! Took nothing and left a new mini journal book, sl. Thanks for the smilie!
  -  Went with MXCR on this walk. MXCR found with no problem.  br LL100
  -  A short walk and an easy find,, just what you need on a hot summer day..  TFTC   TNLN.... MXCR
  -  Since I was in the neighborhood thought I’d try for this one.  I’m glad the hike to the top wasn’t any longer than it was  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle !  Great views!  Didn’t have any trouble finding cache.  Took nothing; left kitty magnet.  Thanks for the hunt!  144 
  -  Thanks for the cache, the beautiful view, and the workout on the climb!  AF4IA & Linda
  -  I had a wonderful day today, as I went from cache to cache, seeing those things that I never could have hoped to find, had it not been for geocaching!!! p #942    Martin, from Franklin, GA  p 
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  WoW... Double WoW... spectacular vistas in both directions!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   br This was our 8th of 10 cache finds for the day, and the 2nd of 3 in the UPward series, where the elevation change seemed to be nearly the same as the distance from the parking area!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_clown.gif border 0 align middle  We visited Slick Rock Sojourn at about 6pm, after CITY OF GRANITE  GC326B , and before Lost in the Smokies  GCF4ED .  br We made the winding drive up Slick Rock on Horse Cove Road  Bull Pen Road?  from Whiteside Cove Road. Chip always has fun tossing the Outback around gravel switchbacks, as Blair steadfastly  desperately...?  hangs onto the grab handle and the console!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   br After we made the trek to the top, and stopped and gasped at the views  or the hike...  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle  , we homed in on the cache coordinates, and Chip spotted the cachers trail from above. The cache was well concealed, but we found moisture had seeped into the container from the way it was oriented, so we did a little cleaning & drying again. We took nothing from the cache, and we left a Wheres George? $1 bill   a href http   www.wheresgeorge.com report.php?key 2304b3bbc6af53f0586cdd2445ce36de target _blank visit link  a    and 2 geocaching.com temporary tattoos   a href http   shop.groundspeak.com productDetail.cfm?CategoryID 4&ProductID 52 target _blank visit link  a    , and our log entry & signatures in the log book.  br We lingered on Slick Rock for a short while, enjoying the views up and down the valley, but we had to head down and up again to Lost in the Smokies, and then back to The Country Cottage to get sort of cleaned & buffed & brushed for the INKY Stinky? event   a href http   www.geocaching.com seek cache_details.aspx?guid 4faa38ce 079a 499f ba38 33c32bbfce99 target _blank visit link  a    at Jimmie Macs at Sapphire Valley at 8pm. Ahhh, caching in the mountains! Thanks, Wanderlust and Laughing Moon.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   br Chip & Blair br jombbl @ geocaching from GEOSET br 
  -  This cache was one of those I found with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky on our 2005 Blue Ridge Cache Trip.  This trip was planned by our local group with help from OzGuff in the Blue Ridge area.  The entire area is wonderful to visit for hiking, viewing, and geocaching.  Thanks!     Danny of TeamArgo
  -  Found this with our InKy Crew on our wonderful 5 day Blue Ridge Mountain Adventure.  Thanks for the hide. p WCNUT & Tater br Clarksville, IN br 
  -  Cached and dashed with the InKy Crew on four day hiking trip in North Carolina.  Great time, great views and very tired legs!
  -  Found while caching with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN br 
  -  What a trip! What a cache! Did this along with many other great caches with the INKY team. The area is highly recommended! br ARF br Louisville, KY br 
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! p This was a great cache!  I loved the short, but steep, trek to the top of the rock.  Fortunately, the weather gods blinked and allowed the clouds to part long enough for us to capture the outstanding vistas.  Many thanks! p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY  br 
  -  Just as we got to this one, the clouds opened up and the sun came through so we could have a good look at this great area. Goog weather trick. p This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  Every cache here seems to come with a view. This area is my favorite place in the East to cache. Thanks for showing it off. TNLN p Deermark br Inky Group
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area. p  This entry was edited by Geode Hunters and The Little Dog Tue on Wednesday, April 27, 2005 at 2 39 19 PM. 
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p Great views. This is the reason we come back each year to cache in NC.  p  br Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  Great place!  I am sure this is beautiful at sunset sunrise Easy find, took dollar left pocket knife. p ratacrats
  -  What a beautiful spot!  Went at sunset.  Thanks for the great cache.  Steep hill but worth it. br OliviaHendrix
  -  Went on my first geocaching outing Saturday 11 13 04Cache # 2 of my first five. I had not visited this spot in many years. Good to know it is still unspoiled.
  -  I decided to stay to the higher elevations today, due to the impending storm and the possibility of flash floods. p When we reached the parking for this cache, It was raining steadily, so it was indeed Slick Rock! p Carefully made my way down to the cache. p I left a BookCrossing book, and logged that I TN. But I could not get the container closed, so I took the Tai Bo VHS tape  which is currently residing in The Home of Ten Governors cache in SC . p Thanks for the fun!
  -  What a great cache. We were in the Cashiers area for a family reunion. My wife and I wook my sister in law and two nieces on this cache. It was their first cache and I bet not their last. The girls loved hiking up the pathway and found the cache pretty quick. We then just sat and enjoyed the view. Thanks for a great cache. p We signed the log, but I cant remember what we left and what the girls took. Sorry.
  -  What a GREAT spot.  Got some beautiful pictures.  SL  Took black car, carabiner, and mardi gras beads.  Left WG $, mens shave mate, hard rock cafe crayons, and leather coin pouch w  2 quarters.  TFTC p Wee Lee, Smudge, Issa & Tara p When Smudge went to replace the cache, we learned why they call it Slick Rock         
  -  Nice quick hike to a pretty spot.  Took the travel bug.  Love the spongy grass on the rocks on the top.
  -  We found this one after searching for the Dry Falls cache.  This is a great place.  Short walk but steep.  My wife found the cache.  We took a yoyo and a ball.  We left some Mardi Gras Beads and Doubloons, and two bouncy balls.  We also left Great Great Great Uncle Freddy Travel Bug.  Thanks for the hunt.
  -  Found this one today as our last of the day. Good hike   lots of UP but not too long. The cache was in good shape although a bit of water had made its way in. We tried to dry it out before we left. Too bad it was a rainy, misty day. The view was good, but not as spectacular as we bet it usually is.
  -  Took the Summit Charter School Geocachers    another winner! We only brought one GPSr on this particular cache hunt; I let one kid take it and watched while he walked right by the cache and on about 40 feet. One by one the others in the group all spied the cache, except the kid with the GPSr! Sort of funny! br The new cache container was in very good shape and full of good stuff! The kids took a pocketknife, a flashlight, and the fishing lures; OzGuff left a new logbook, an Edward Jones Mighty Grip kitchen tool, and an Edward Jones keychain flashlight; signed the log. p Great views! TFTC!  p  Changing a note logged under OzGuff to a find under the new account. 
  -  Photos that go with the Summit Charter School Geocachers log. p  This entry was edited by OzGuff on Wednesday, May 19, 2004 at 2 20 43 PM. 
  -  Hi folks! p    This cache is now updated! We have replaced the container along with ALL NEW items inside!! img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  However, we forgot the log book at home  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  If the first person who visits the new and improved cache will supply it with a small logbook, we would be forever grateful! p                                          Thanks! br                             Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  -  Found this one while visting friends that live in the area.  The cache was very damp inside and needs to be updated.  Great view.  TNLN, Thanks, Speedtriple
  -  Did this one after City of Granite.  Beautiful views from the top.  Found the cache without any problem.  The cache is in definite need of maintenance.  The logbook is totally soaked and very slimy.  The container has several bite marks on it.  This is where all the water is getting in.  I would recommend replacing with an ammo can. p Took Lincoln Wisdom & Wit book br Left Calculator  Double Ziploc bagged  p Thanks for a fun hunt!
  -  Great view. I was up here August 2002 and revisited this trip.
  -  Cache still there and getting slimmier.  Could not leave log due to growing slim.  Cache still has a hole which was turned down to minimize water intrusion. Great view and interesting moss collections on the rocks.  
  -  This hunt took us on roads we had not travelled in a long time. Thanks for the promt to revisit a beautiful cove. br Found the cache and were in agreement with previous finders; the cache appears to have been bear bitten and is slimy wet inside.Took some photos of the scenery and left a geocaching page as a log.
  -  2nd find of the morning.  Found easily.  Holes in container allowed water in, much of the contents were trashed.  New container is needed.   E mailed cache owners.   Great views!  Took NASA patch and Mayan figurine; left book titled Abraham Lincolc  Wisdom and Wit, and patriotic pen.  Thanks for getting me to this sight!
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle  Cache was a mess!  Everything was wet.  We could not log.  TNLN.  Very nice location.   p  last edit  9 1 2003 12 54 29 PM PST 
  -  Found cache with some friends. Had 2 babies and 2 dogs in tow. Everything inside was wet. Beautiful view. 
  -  Our 1st cache! We used to live near slick rock and spent many moonlit nights there.Very Romantic Place!!We found this cache @ night too, very fun & slightly more challenging.Weve been bitten by the GEO bug. Had a very simple gps that only gave coordinates but managed to bag the box. The top was broken and everything was wet & smelly. Put in action figure & took a biner that my son needed for his trip to sea base in the Keys. It was much fun and finding the cache helped to hook my wife on geocaching. Wish we could have seen and signed the log , but it was drenched  Hope the owners can repair replace the box for future cachers.Thanks Mcormacks for turning us on to geocaching. Next time use tupperware!!! It works. p  br  last edit  7 15 2003 8 40 11 PM PST 
  -  Found the cache.  It was soaking wet.  Took dollar and left a cd.  Views were great.  A spot youd probably never find. Had our best buddies along and they loved it.  It may have hooked them. br 2 Creeks br Sevierville, TN
  -  Found cache at 1235 EDT.  Great view!  Had a picnic and enjoyed the sunshine. p Took stone and CD and left SC pin, mini knife, and D ring.
  -  After a wet, damp two weeks at Devils Fork State Park, we did manage to find time to grab a few caches we have had on the back burner for way too long. We have passed Bull Pen road many times on our trips to Cashiers, and never dreamed the new sights to be discovered by just getting on it as it winds through the hills and valleys. Found the cache, with no problems after we took our time climbing the trail to reach it. Great View! Took a deck of playing cards. Left a credit card wallet, with a one dollar bill inside, a Mardi gras coin, and five GEOCACHING IS FUN! ballpoint pens. Many thanks for the placement! br John & Mary br GEOCACHING IS FUN br 
  -  Another great unknown spot discovered by Geocaching.  Thanks !!  My wife and I took this in on our way home from Highlands. She was not going to make the climb but it was a lot shorter than the description. She actually found the cache with the hint while I was circling with the receiver.  Strange though if you come in from Highlands, Bull Pen road is listed as 1178. From Highway 107 it is listed as 1100 same as state map  ?? p  last edit  5 12 2003 12 12 19 PM PST 
  -  Another beautiful location for a cache in the NC mountains.  This is a very peaceful spot.  Thanks for sharing it. p Took lock, left deck of cards. p gwnga & family p  last edit  4 14 2003 10 27 24 AM PST 
  -  Loved the scenery on the way. Highlands is a beautiful old community.  What a neat little town tucked away back in the Mtns!  Got lost off looking elsewhere first.  Of course, I always get lost first before I find one! We really enjoyed this area and was a big plus fer the rest of the crew I drag along w me usually, cause the trout fishin, now is great!  p Took an indian PRIDE pin and left a cd.  Cache was in a beatuful place.  My oldest  18 , had to go to the edge and shout out I FOUND IT! Im sure it coulda been heard in 3 states!  p Thanks, Wanderlust and Laughing Moon, for the cache and the opportunity to explore more of the Mtns. and the nice visit thru Highlands.  Was a beatiful day to hike and we made it right before the rains came.    p Carolina Moon &   UhHum! Crew br 
  -  Found this one with no problems.  As soon as I swaw its hiding place I knew that is where it had to be.  So I checked out the cache, and signed the log book.  TNLN.  Thanks for the beautiful spot.
  -   A HREF http   dandbbradley.home.mindspring.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br We found this one late in the afternoon.  We really enjoyed the view from the top.  A very peaceful view of the mountains.  Took self sealing note pad; left address book. br Thanks for a great cache.
  -  This place was very breath taking.  Found the cache pretty easily.  Wish we woulda gone when there was more than 20 feet visibility.  Ive never seen fog that thick before.  Great cache though.
  -  After lunch in nearby Highlands, NC we snagged this cache on a very dreary day.  The foggy weather and moss made the area look like something out of the Dark Ages, which seemed to add to the excitement.  No view today, but could tell it would be awesome if clear.  Took geocaching.com compass; left Merck keychain and highlighter.  Neat area...thanks for the hunt!
  -  Our first mountain geocache, and the first of the day. Beautiful spot, and a beautiful day to look over the valley below. Nice hide! Left an official Geocaching compass and took the 1992 casette mix tape. Wow    flashback time fer sure! JoeBob and The Amester.
  -  Well the Daring Davis went to Highlands for the weekend and ofcourse we went geocaching.Found the cache with no problems,cache is in good shape.The view was great from up there,the kids loved the climb.Took a coin,left a selfmailing notes and stickers,thxs for the hunt,,DARING DAVIS
  -  Found the cache with little trouble. Great thing was that we took the Blue Nile CD and really loved the music.  We laughed when we took it; we thought it would be really baaad.   Left a malachite stone and a Pee Dee Pride pin.
  -  My sister, brother in law, 3yr old son & 26yr old son enjoyed our visit. we found the cache with little trouble & left it as we found it. Took blow bubbles & left a calculator. Thanks again. Bob o link p  last edit  9 10 2002 5 34 14 AM PST 
  -  I love this area and really want to come back to find the more challenging Wanderlust and Laughing Moon caches that are nearby.   Took Blue Highways novel and left a Rene Magritte mini jigsaw puzzle.
  -  Laughing Moon and I went today and replaced the cache container!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Luckily, all of the contents were still nice and dry! So, now the cache has been restored to its full health! We also placed a jar of bubbles, a combination lock, and some Flat Rock Nature Center brochures inside the new and improved cache! br   Please cover it back as well as you found it...and PLEASE no food items or anything highly aromatic. A bear got curious last time as he smelled Juicy Fruit gum inside the cache!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  p            The views were beautiful, the air crisp, and the breeze delightful! p                       Wanderlust and Laughing Moon p  last edit  8 17 2002 9 06 01 PM PST 
  -  The Flying Fox actually found this cache by spotting first a little green stuffed bunny that was fleeing the bear damage!  poor thing was thirty feet from the cache location and had teethmarks in its paws.  Naturally FF HAD to rescue it, and we left a rubber snake and a prophylactic in its place.  Beautiful view, fascinating vegetative ecosystem.  We sat here for a long time and waited out the sunset.  Thank you for the adventure, and the bearly escaped adventure bunny! br     br King Mob  Team Blue House  br and the Flying Fox
  -  We found the cache. The container is broken, we didnt have one to replace it. We took the biner clip and left Indian pick up sticks. Nice view. Thanks.
  -  Yes, it looks like a bear got it.  I placed everything in a large zip loc bag, it should be safe from the weather now.  The box needs to be replaced.  Took 2 wooden nickels, left Florida spoon and a key chain.  Enjoyed the short hike and nice view.  Some pictures show the damage. p  last edit  7 20 2002 5 14 42 PM PST 
  -  I very nearly took all the Juicy Fruit out of the cache, having read other parts of the website about leaving foodstuffs. Amazing how you could smell the gum the moment you opened the container. No surprise that the cache was destroyed. Hindsite is 20 20. Its a great spot, so I hope it can be replaced. 
  -  The cache box has been eaten.  There are tooth marks in the lid and the box is smashed to smithereens.  All the contents were scattered around on the ground.   It must have just happened because nothing was wet, not even a paperback book.  There were coins on the ground, so it wasnt kids.  But there were also three sticks of Juicy Fruit.  There were two people coming down the trail as I went up.  My guess is that they scared off the critter before it could finish tasting everything.  I wrapped up the log book in what was left on the un eaten zip loc bag and put averything back in the hole.  
  -  Thank you stussman for the obnoxious noise making ball that some of the crew just had to have! I finally took custody of the thing after hearing it for 3 days. We very much enjoyed the view and found the cache with little trouble. I will post photos this evening. It was in good condition and is now well hidden in the same spot. We took the ball, and left a similiar one, a shell necklace and a plastic flute. batteries were beginning to corrode, so I put them in a baggie. Also removed some trash from the cache. I will point out that Bull Pen road joins Highway 107 out of Cashiers and is numbered as State road 1100. So, two different numbers for the same road..go figure. As we came from the Cahiers end, we saw some great hikes we didnt know were there. Thanks for letting us find them. 
  -  Ditto to OrthoGuy  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Well we got a chance to escape back over to Highlands this weekend. We have been looking forward to this since the last time we came over. We decided to do Slick rock sine it was late in the day. The hike was very short and the trial opened up to a fantastic vista. I cant remember what we took and left since we did quite a few caches this weekend. Thank you for the great cache. p Ortho Guy br and  br Adventure chick
  -  Awesome view.  Found it with little problem.   br Took a Pez dispenser and left a light up, noise making superball.
  -  This was a nice location for a Geocache.  The GPS took us to within about 75 feet and about 5 minutes of searching was needed.  Geocaching has brought us to several places like this that are well worth the hike for the view. We would probably never know they were here.  We took one of the soon to be famous geocaching nickels and left a new Bic lighter.  Thanks for the fun! br Stan & Ruth from Trenton, Michigan and Linda from Ft. Lauderdale, FL.
  -  Wow! Great view from the top. Once we found the right road, the cache was pretty easy to find.  Flies were a bit annoying but tolerable.  We took parachute cord, mini book, and bookmark.  Left easter bunny, pez dispenser, and nascar pen.  Thanks for the great cache!
  -  What a mild day for a cache hunt...The mountain was fogged in but it was nice! We found the cache in good shape. Left a ring, beanie animals x2, and a dinosaur hand puppet. Took a small pack of fireworks, a CD RW  think it may be empty , GeoCache stickers, and a pencil. The view must be beautiful. The mossy rocky area is real neat but the flies were bothersome if you stood still for any lenght of time...Bring a fly swatter! Binky, Spud, SurferChick, and TonkaJoe
  -  Bartman has been found!!! He was taken from the cache and supposedly logged in the caches log book by 4wheelinfool.  However, it was never logged here on the cache page!  WHEW!  Bartman LIVES!!! p                               Wanderlust
  -  This was our 3rd cache for the day. I handed the GPS over to the wife for the first time and as luck would have it, she went right to the cache site. After finding the cache, we spent some time relaxing and taking in the scenery. br We took Scooby and Shaggy traveling cache and polished rocks. Left smiley pen and book marker and green bottle opener.It was a bit cool on top of that mountain for Scooby, and Shaggy told us he would love to vacate a little farther south for the winter. So we will be giving them a lift farther south tomorrow. br                      Thanks for a great time, br                       Sherwin & Debra br                       Shyanne & Bryan 
  -  BTW   did not see a lost camera wandering around, or Bartman either.
  -  Came by here to drop of Scooby and Shaggy traveling cache. Very nice view and a clever hiding spot. Tip toed thru the moss as not to disturb. Left Scoob Shaggy and a new blank CD RW. Took Farmers Reserve CD and Wheres George dollar  whats with the twisted cig in the baggie with George?  Will place it in another cache  minus the smoke . br Thanks for a cool cache. br phat.bak
  -  Well this is a BUSY place ... 3rd ones here today!  Found the cache with no problem and then sat and enjoyed the view. Next time we come up here Ill think Ill bring an easel, canvas, paints and brushes. Of course, Ill have to learn how to use them first ... dont have an artistic bone in my body ... but this view is so great Im willing to try. Took a perdy rock and a wooden nickel. Left an american flag pin. Was hoping to find the Bartman, but he apparently wandered off. Good luck in your quest little Bart ................. p PS. Johnny lost a disposible camera either here or at the City of Granite.  If anyone finds it, please let me know.  Thanks.
  -  WOW what a super view.  The day was cool and clear.  You could see for miles and miles. br I traded a wheres george dollar and a few wooden nickels for a lighter.
  -  This was a neat place to see.  Had a great view today and could see a long way.  Not to sure on the name there but it was still a neat place to see.  This was an easy find.  Went stright to the spot it was hid at.  Took pictures and left foot prints.
  -   A HREF http   www.allenlacy.com GPS target _blank Users web page  A  br Find number 98. I thought it might be cold up here but it was very warm on the rock. Dont know why it is called slick rock, the rock didnt look slick to me. Anyway the GPS led right to the cache. The view was great, the air clear and you could see forever. I took the popcorn, didnt think food in a mountain cache was a good idea, left a geocaching decal and some wooden nickels.
  -   A HREF http   franknwan@msn.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br We made this one the 4th find of a beautiful day. br It is a short steep climb to the top where you are rewarded with a fabulous view.The cache was br right there and in good shape,but there is no  br Bartman.We had a few Kodak moments and then swapped an extending magnet for the eye pillow. br Thanx FASFRANK&WANDA
  -  Wow. This one was better than advertised. We found the cache with little difficulty. My daughter found this one and it was her first. The view at this location was worth the trip alone. This was by far the best site we found all day location wise. We took the small rose, the Swiss Leatherman tool, gourmet coffee and the sunglasses. We left one of the Golden Books from the Granite City cache, A pack of Microwave Popcorn, a New Years noise maker, several Fireworks and a Millenium popper. Thanks to Wanderlust and Laughing Moon for this great site and the Granite City site......Five Cache Kateers br 
  -  First one here. Nice drive and easy hike. Went right to it without problem. Exellent view and I found that standing on the side of the mountain and yelling makes a unusual echo. Left 6aa batteries and a 10,000 maniacs cassette. Took a peacock copper rock and blugrass cassette left both at the Stumped at Big Shoals puzzle cache  Tempoarily kidnapped the Bartman traveler img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle   look for him to appear 500 miles from here in a cache north of the mason dixon line  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
GCC5C: 
  name: Devils Courthouse by Doug Adomatis
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=c8b811ab-e689-4af6-b57c-c6ff6d33719d&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Ahhh. Even on the busiest day of the year  trail was wall to wall people  the Devils Courthouse spur was practically empty.   p I got quite a kick out of disappearing over the side AND popping back up later.  Both times in the middle of an ususpecting crowd. p Cache is dry and in excellent condition, GREAT hiding spot, and glad a read the hint on the link before I went so I didnt accidentally tear up the area. p This was the highlight of our visit to Grams in Highlands! Thank you.
  -  Wow! What a beautiful view. Took trail down from parking lot at Whiteside, nice hike. Took walking stick medallion and left Eiffle Tower keychain and mini flashlight, cant remember if I signed my name to the log entry. Thanks for the smilie #50!!!
  -  Went to the Courthouse with MXCR & MXFOX. Thanks for showing us this spot. br LL100
  -  The view from the top of this mtn. is truly something special!!  This kind of cache is really what keeps me interested in this game.  Not a bad hike in and a pretty quick find.  Left keychain  Took Lab magnet.  Thanks for a good one.  MXCR
  -  Great area, great cache found with the Caching Terminator Team LL100 and MXCR, if I can get my cache IQ up I might get an invite to be on the team also. br tnlnsl TFTH
  -  We loved this cache.  A great trail although a little overgrown and a great cache.  Took african stone, left hiking stick medallion and NC pin.  TFTF.
  -  I have a watch on this cache as I like to read the logs of the visitors who find it    I found it in 2001 and it is one of my favorite. The spanish inscription is on the end of the lookout spot on the left on the EDGE. I had found out about it after reading a book titled Exploring the backroads of Western North Carolina I believe. The book did not describe its location, as I found it accidentally. There is a story about it as it supposedly was there when people came into the area in the 1800s   and the indians had said it was there when they came here. A guy supposedly confessed to carving it on his deathbed; while other oldtimers said he could not have possibly had done it   as they remember it from a time before he was born. It is in a dangerous spot, as someone slipped to their death on the ice while photographing it in 1984   so be very carefull.  p There is a lot of history about this area   as it was a popular party spot as early as the 1920s. I urge everyone interested to read about it. There was supposedly a cave on the side of the mountain which the indians had accessed with a tree ladder   but I have never found it   even after rappelling a dozen times out there. A witch doctor Judaculla supposedly held court inside of it. But there is another Devils Courthouse along the Blue Ridge Parkway   so it may be out there. The library in Franklin, NC has some great books on the area, and there are a few books in the Highlands NC and Clayton GA library also. My favorite area are the 2 ledge trails which run along  the sides of the cliff. They are visible from the roadway as lines of trees on the side of the rock face.  When you walk on them they range from 20feet wide to just a few feet in some places   with a wall of rock going up on one side about a 100 feet high   to a wall of rock dropping off on the other side for a few hundred feet. I have even been out on those trails in the winter and have seen icicles 20some feet long hang over the trail. Yes, this is an awesome place   IF you are carefull.
  -  I just had to come back one last time before I left for home – I love this place.  I also wanted to drop off a Georgia geocoin.  I hunted for the Spanish inscription but didn’t know where it was and from reading the previous logs, I probably wouldn’t have had the nerve to get near it anyway.  Thanks for placing this cache   its great!
  -  After reading about the Devil’s Courthouse, I knew I wanted to try it during my annual visit to Highlands.  I vacation here once a year and never knew about this spot even though I do the standard Whiteside trail at least once a visit.  I LOVE this place – this is now my favorite cache.  I didn’t have any trouble finding the cache; the coordinates were dead on.  Not surprising since I could probably reach up and touch the satellites  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle !  Took geocaching button; left doggie magnet and carabiner keychain.  Thanks for the hunt!  146 
  -  WOW!!! This will definitely be added to my list of favorite caches! I didnt get why its called the Devils Courthouse??? It should have been named Geocachers Heaven! And the hiding spot was perfect! Thanks for a wonderful day!!! p #919    Martin, from Franklin, GA  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  After our guide got lost a few times we finally found the correct trail and our way to the top. Great area. But we seem to be a fog magnet. It did makefor some interesting photos though. Thanks for the wonderful cache. Hope to come back and do this one again. p Deermark br IINKY Crew
  -  Cached and dashed with the InKy Crew on four day hiking trip in North Carolina.  Great time, great views and very tired legs!
  -  Tater & I also hit this cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky. br              Thanks WCNUT & Tater br                Charlestown,In
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area. p T  Hair Clip br L  Africa Jade
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p What a view.....  of fog! p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p After making the climb to the cache site we were rewarded with an amazing view of......FOG!! Par for the trip. After a bit of searching we located the cache. p Picked up the Racin67 Chevy Travel Bug. p Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN
  -  I accompanied some of the INKY crew here this morning. The weather    as usual for the INKY folks    had a negative impact on the views, but the hike in out was good fun. And the experience was made all the more enjoyable by taking a couple of wrong turns.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  took a one of a big set of dice  br dropped off Racin67chevy t.b.
  -  wow  what a great spot.  Great hike, great view... we really enjoyed this one. br Thanks br OliviaHendrix
  -  We took the same path here as the Summit School kids.  Thanks you guys, your log was very helpful!  This after doing the Whiteside Mountain loop for a total of 4.2 miles. p While we were in the parking lot between hiking Whiteside Mountain and preparing to depart for here, we spoke to a park ranger. He told us that the Service will not forbid people to hike over to DC, they wont encourage it either, since they cannot make that trail safe. Talk about whetting my appetite! He also tried to tell us that that trail doesnt really go anywhere...it just peters out.  p  The weather was beautiful, the views enticing, and CR even took a nap after we shared lunch while I explored the top. There was an entry in the logbook about a Spanish inscription, but I couldnt find it. I was too chicken to get as close to the edge as my GPS and the co ords in the logbook were leading me! p We took a frog and a dollar, left some hair ties, a yellow bounce ball and one of Honechiles Geocaching Bumblebuttons. p We had considered making a loop trail of this, too, and going back up to the overlook. But after one look at the way over there and recognizing that we were both flagging a bit, we decided to back track. At least we knew what to expect going back that way.  p Thank you for bringing us to a part of the area we would have never discovered on our own! p 
  -  This is a beautiful place.  I enjoyed the hike and the views.  Thanks for the cache.
  -  I really enjoyed this cache!  The views are fabulous!  I took the Wooden Soldier travel bug and left the bubble ring.  Thanks for the great location!
  -  What a fabulous hike!  Scenery was breathtaking! Had a little bit of trouble finding the cache but persistance paid off!  Very strenuous journey for a first timer!!! p TN br + Coco Chanel Hair Clip p DD
  -  Was here with the SCSG; dropped off the Wooden Soldier TB.
  -  Seven members of the Summit Charter School Geocachers made the hike today.  2 4th graders, 2 5th graders, and 3 7th graders, accompanied by two adults.  It was an overcast day and we were a little worried about rain, but all turned out OK. p We started out at the parking lot and took the path that starts out behind the new restrooms. Halfway to the Devils Courthouse we placed a new cache    D.C. II    at a beautiful spot! Some of the kids started complaining about the terrain, and since it was humid we were all sweating. The views at the top were great! Even the angst ridden 13 year olds were impressed! p David found the cache and the looting began! I think we took the mini cards, a Lacy wooden nickel, batteries, the Mighty Grip and the poncho. I think we left a quarter, a packet of golf tees, a golf ball, a tire pressure gauge, and the Wooden Soldier TB  recently from Huntsville, AL . p It was a great hike! We then hiked up the ridge to find the Whiteside Mountain cache! TFTC!
  -  Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! What a great hike! p I sent Doug  the cache owner  an e mail asking for any extra info because I didnt want to take the kids next month and not find the cache. His extra info was that I should scout the location. OK, so I left work early and had a dry run to see if I could make it from school to the cache and back in the allotted time. p Decided to take the path up to the east vista point near the top of Whiteside Mountain. Found a few trails going down; took me a little while before I found the right one. The falcons were flying today    amazing! p Got near the Devils Courthouse and realized I was close, but no cigar. Down and then up found me close to the cache. But the views held my attention for some time! Awesome! Finally tore myself away to find the cache, which was well hidden and in good shape!  Except that it was basically empty!  Took two batteries    which I needed    and a cigarette lighter    to CITO. Left a deck of cards, an Edward Jones stress ball, one large die, a magnetic clip, an Edward Jones Mighty Grip kitchen tool, and a multi colored superball. Spent quite some time reading through the log and found an acquaintances name    didnt know he was a cacher. p Took the lower route back to the east end of the parking lot. A great route and the one I will lead the kids on in 4 weeks. We may try to hit the Whiteside Mountain cache too!  And may place another cache along the Devils Courthouse route if we have time...  p Thanks for this awesome cache! With the blue sky and the mountains this was one of my most memorable caches! And one I will bring friends and family to see!!
  -  With kids aged 6 and 9  and a wife who is not thrilled when I solo cache  this cache is lower on my to do list. However, I am teaching a geocaching class to some 4th 7th graders and may try this as our final cache!
  -   Kung Fu master voice  Ah, it seems the current influx of new caching grasshoppers are lacking in strength of both body and soul. We shall call this the year of the drive by cacher.
  -  I definately agree that this is a must visit cache. It is on my alltime Top 5 favorites list.
  -  Logbook entry not logged into gc.com
  -  Logbook entry not logged into gc.com
  -  Logbook entry not logged into gc.com
  -  Came down from Whiteside Mountain after failing to find the cache up there.  And yes, I did try some of the trails Id rather not be on.  After taking one off the end of Whiteside and getting tangled in Mt. Laurel, I tried going up hill to get out of the thicket and ran into the real trail.  On the return, I took the trail to the right in the saddle below the Courthouse, and it comes out right off the end of the Whiteside parkng lot. p Took whistle and left calculator.
  -  i enjoyed finding this spot; i was a wonderful, sunny day. i came from the main trail above after finding the whiteside mountain cache by weedhopper. i was particular interested in the spanish inscription on the rocky ledge, it gave me the heebees to be so close to the cliff! took the lower trail going back & saw the waterfall & bridge. great trip, thanks for leading me there. bob o link
  -  The logs in front of the waterfall are the remains of a crude bridge from the time the area was logged for lumber 1930s? . If you look very closely you can follow the remains of the old logging road from the bridge. The waterfall is not much on most days, but after a good rain it is excellent!
  -  Ditto to Ortho Guy  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  This was one of the good ones. We took the steep way up the mountain so that we could hit all the vistas and also to limit our exposure to the loud folks. The view was spectacular. We saw a number of falcons and the inscription on the ledge was very interesting as well. We took the little traveled trail through the valley for the return trip. I highly recomend this way as it was very interesting. I do have a question?...There appears to be some sort of foundation composed of some very large logs on the apex of a ravine in front of a waterfall. if you saw it you would know what I am talking about  Does anybody know what this was? It almost looks like a bridge foundation but there is no road. Maybe a cabin foundation? Anyway excellent trip.  p   lucky knife br + poncho p Regards, p Ortho Guy br and br Adventure Chick br and  br E. Rudolph p  last edit  8 18 2002 6 41 09 AM PST 
  -  My friend Snook and I found this cache today on a cloudy day with temps in the low to mid 80s on an outstanding day for a hike.  Like the Shoeless Crew, we had a little trouble finding the trail off of Whiteside Mountain.  A little bushwacking solved that obstacle.  The views from the Courthouse are awe inspiring.  We took a Matchbox car, an orange smelling pen, and some loose change.  We left a hiking whistle, a cross necklace, and a big Army Man.  Thanks for placing a cache in a great location.  This is the type of cache that I describe as an adventure rather than a hunt.  Rock on, Geocachers!
  -   The shoeless crew and guests set out on a beautiful Saturday to find the cache, our last before we set off back home on Sunday. We found the cache without much searching once we made it too the courthouse. We also ran into another group of cachers looking for the prize. They almost surrendered and found the value of having a WAAS system. We had some trouble finding the trail head, and had to forge our own from a point on the Whiteside roadbed. Once we went down the slope a little way, we found the trail and onward to the courthouse. The cache is in fine condition and we took the geocache sticker and left a sponge angel, a gel pen and a pencil. I have left some further instructions for those a bit searching for the trail, encoded of course The trail head starts from the eastern vista point of the whiteside mountain. You begin southward and immediatly loop under and toward the courthouse. You can begin from the parking lot of whiteside from the eastern end of the lot. It is not marked and heads down to the valley before turning toward the cache. My advice, mark the lot and take the whiteside trail up, over to the courthouse and then loop back to the lot. If you have marked the parking lot, you will not get lost...have fun
  -  Well, this was an interesting find.  I must admit the view is spectacular!  My son and I was unable to find the path, however, it did not slow us down.  Great location.  We took nothing but the memory of a great father and son adventure.
  -  Wow! What a place and what a hike to get there, but well worth it. Dont look for the yellow ribbon...it is long gone. Maybe a bird used it in its nest.  Since there is a clear view of the whole sky for the GPS receiver, the coordinates are right on.  I found it with about 10 minutes of careful searching. Took Peter Pans yoyo and will place it in a Geocache somewhere around here in Michigan.  Left a new Bic lighter. br Stan & Ruth, Trenton, Michigan
  -  This place is astounding. This was my first trip to the courthouse. Spectacular beauty. Took the Scenic Loop and then found an unmarked trail? through the valley. Strenous, but exhilarating. The hidey hole was perfect. Was gonna get out as soon as I found the cache, but wound up spending an extra hour just sitting on the rock looking out to forever. Took the peso and cig lighter and left a long string of Mardi Gras beads and a doubloon from my hometown. br Thanx   Ill definately come back here again. br phat.bak
  -  Awesome view! and the weather was great!! Still no yellow ribbon at the cache site, but I found it after about 10min. of searching. Took the plastic map of Kentucky and left an American Flag Lighter and  2  Peso coins from Chile. Took a diffrent trail out from the cache and found a spectacular waterfall! Great Place!!!! br SwampGoblin p  last edit  1 8 2003 6 56 54 AM PST 
  -  Hey!  Our first geocaching adventure was a success!!  Its also our first time to Whiteside Mountain and the Devils Courthouse ... Wow, what a beautiful place.  The trail was a bit icy in spots, but we didnt have any trouble following it or finding the cache.  I took the fishing lure and left a colorful, exotic  some might say gaudy  fish magnet.  Karen left a roll of film and took the pack of gum   a nice finish to her granola bar snack.  A good time was had by all   Thanks.
  -  Have lived in the area for 13 years and had never been to Devils Courthouse.  Took the lesser used path from the end of the parking lot.  I advise you use this only if traveling with someone who has done it before, many ways to get lost.  This was my first cache and it was well hidden.  If you go to this area please try to walk only on the bare rock surface and not on the fragile moss that covers this area.  Unfortunately you must walk on some moss to get to the cache.  My son took the globe topped pencil and left a yoyo.
  -   A HREF http   www.adobkin.net  target _blank Users web page  A  br This was our third cache  only the second one we found , and definitely the best one so far.  Weve been to Whiteside Mountain several times, but we werent aware of this hike to Devils Courthouse until now.  The view was wonderful, and the cache was in an excellent hiding spot.  We left a pencil with a globe top covering the eraser, but we didnt take anything.  We did have a hard time reclosing the case though, as it was stuffed with many other goodies.
  -  Our first find of 4 today! We have been to the courthouse before but today was a beautiful day to make our way back to the spot again. Plus, its great to have an incentive like a cache! br I must say that this cache is fabulously hidden! Laughing Moon somewhat stumbled upon spotting it. I never would have caught it there!   br    We took the geocaching decals and left a Leave No Trace card and some emergency candles. p  Thanks for bringing us back to such a beautiful spot! p                   Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  -  Had wanted to come to this cache for a while and had even been to the trail head before.  The only problem was that it was raining when we got there. Was a great day to do this cache.  Nice and cool and clear day.  Had a problem finding the correct trail to it.  Had a great view from one of the wrong trails. Got on the correct trail and had no problem going the rest of the way.  Had very little truble finding the cache even though the ribbin was gone.  Took out some cigs and matches  which had been wet  left some geocaching decals. If you take them, they are for the inside of window, or wind shield, the glass needs to be very clean for them to stick. But mine has been on my rear glass for a couple of months with no trouble. br 
  -   A HREF http   www.allenlacy.com GPS target _blank Users web page  A  br I had wanted to come to this cache for quite awhile. In fact had come to the trail head a couple of months back, but it started raining before I could get on the trail and decided from the description that it wouldn’t be a good idea to attempt this one in the rain.  Today was perfect; the air was clear and the temperature cool. Found the unmarked trail down to the courthouse. But Doug is correct. “several paths that will take you to places youd rather not go”. In this case, not to dangerous spots, just to places that will lead you to cache and so you have to back up to find another trail and try again. I did take a great picture on one of these other trails which I will upload. Once at the courthouse the cache was a fairly quick find even if the ribbon in clue is no longer there. Once the cache work was finished, a walk around to check out the areas was done and a small lunch was eaten, then the climb out. While on the trail we saw serveral groups of people coming down the trail.  I took pictures and left footprints.
  -  Exellent area, been here many times before, will return many times again. The spanish inscription  on the end of the lookout spot  is interesting. They say that it was there when people first settled into the area in the 1880s. No one still knows what it means   left by DeSoto? Carefull  someone slipped on the ice to their death in 1984 trying to photograph it. T.T. UN LUEGO SANTA _____ A LA MEMORIA. Thanks for the hunt   finally logging this in 2 12 02 Took nothing, left a fishing lure.
  -  Id been to Devils Courthouse before, but it was good to have an objective this time.  After a packed in lunch at the misty overlook, we searched in a spitting rain.  Luckily, we didnt need the hint, since when we checked, we couldnt find it.  Our friend, Luther, made the actual sighting of the objective  well hidden!  p I spirited off with the micro light  thanks! , and left a Highland Hiker locking mini carabiner.   p Enjoy the view, but beware the cliffs. p BB, MB, and LT
  -  Finally made it back up there! We were on the way to Ellicott Rock cache and couldnt resist a second attempt. Found it quickly this time  well never leave home without the hint again! Took the 4 duracell batteries, left a green microlight. Thanks for the challenge.
  -  Alex and I visited this cache after Ellicott Rock Cache.  The hike was only a bit over 2 miles round trip, but the hike back up from Devils Courthouse to the main trail was pretty steep.  Luckily the temp was in the low 80s and the humidity was low so we had no trouble.  We took the emergency blanket from the cache and left a trout fly.  We wanted to continue the loop trail on around but my son had to be in Buford, Ga. at 5 00 so we had to hurry back.  We had no trouble finding the cache but did use the hints.  Thanks for exposing us to a beautiful spot!   erik
  -  Stopped by here on our way to Ellicott Rock. This caches difficulty and terrain ratings  are a little over rated in my opinion, but the views are pretty incredible. Be sure to hike the scenic route to or from the top and not just the gravel road. Left a space blanket and took a golf tee and the Range Rover hitch hiker.
  -  This one wasnt as bad as I thought it would be based on the rating. We found the cache in about 10 minutes, but didnt see the yellow ribbon. We left the Ranging Rover that came from Caffinated Skeeter Ridge, its looking for transportation to another cache. The owner wants to be notified of the new location, their email address is in the Rover. Didnt take anything
  -  Wigi and I read that hint and it was one that was wayyyyyyyyyyy tooooooooo obvious... so,  we let the boys find it without the clue... Kollkid found it in about 5 minutes... The reason that we started reading the clues, was the fact that one we did last week had the parking coordinates in the hint... I drove around for 45 minutes and got within 512 feet of the cache but could not get to it from there... 
  -  We decided to give this one a 5 star rating for beauty!!! I will have to admit that we got lucky in finding the trail that led to the courthouse... br Lucky for us a nice couple had been there several times, but never to the courthouse, knew of the almost hidden trail... We found the cache around 5 30 today... Took us about 2 hours for the cache and the rest of the loop trail... WHAT FANTASTIC VIEWS... We give up on trying to figure out which of the caches are the best... They are so diverse that they cant be judged the same...This was our 2nd cache today and our 8th first... We took the $2.00 and left golf tees AND................. WIGIS BUBBLES... THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE GREAT HIKE!!! Iron, Wigi, Kollkid, Bigdaddy, and Baby Iron...
  -  We tried to do this one without using the clues.  We searched around on top of the rock outcrop for about 20 minutes before heading back. After reading the hints, we realize we were pretty close.  At least we brought a topo map  there are trails everywhere!  Enjoyed the hike and scenery VERY much. Well be back again soon to find it.
GC6732: 
  name: Honeymooners Cache by OutfieldJack
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=ffaa5be6-ad0f-431e-95a3-0d0ad8b56048&log=y&decrypt=&pf=y
  comments: 
  -  Nice waterfall on a nice but steep trail! Stayed a few minutes to cool off below natures AC.Took WG $2 bill and left Hayabusa motorcycle, SL #51. Thanks for the smilie!
  -  Found it at 12 40 after a long search. This is a beautiful place. The GPS was little help other than just to get to the general area. A nice well stocked AMMO CAN in good shape. TFTH. We SL, took the jeep and some paracord and left a WG $2 bill, a Happy Rock, a feather, a ladybug, a cross, a Go Geocaching pen, a bracelet, a collapsable cup, and a beach safe. We really enjoyed this one, and it was he first of five for the day. Thanks, Wee Lee, Smudge, and Tara the white mini from Chapin, SC.
  -  Dropped Burle WJTB off on his way to his honeymoon. LL100
  -  Walked in from #1310 because gate locked. After 45 minute hike, began climb to waterfall.  Searched but didnt find cache  of course, that doesnt mean its not there.   Didnt see any wildlife.  Saw a Miller Lite can.
  -  Found this one on New Years morning.  It took us about 30 minutes to locate it.  It may be easier to find with the leaves off the trees but these ridges are very steep and the GPS reception is poor.  Very pretty waterfalls. br Took ambulance and travel bug. Left a Ocarina  br Thanks for the hide.  MXCR & LL & dogs
  -  After reading the logs we thought this would be really hard, but we got lucky and walked right to it.  At least Tellico Gap did.  We had signal at the bottom of the falls, and had loaded several suggested coordinates in.  For what it is worth, we found it at N 35.08.566 W 083.32.869.  Not too far off from one of the other coordinates.  Of course, this was with summer foliage, so ... ???  We started Eagle Eyes Travel Bug off here, since he is always on his honeymoon.  We worry that he might be last since he is starting the furthest south, but he did get a days head start!  Thanks for a nice cache.  Weve had this on on our list for a year!  Tellico Gap, Magnolia Bud and Eagle Eye
  -  After striking out  again  at Dry Falls I wanted to find a cache bad! So why not one rated pretty darn high with almost as many DNFs as Finds... p Was able to drive to the trailhead, and walked the 0.3 miles to ground zero. Then I started circling. And circling. And circling. My GPSr was basically useless so I just started searching. And searching. And searching. p I got a little lucky as it only took me 20 minutes to find the cache. Which is in good condition! I took nothing, left 50 feet of para cord, and signed the log. The falls and the hike were great! TFTC!
  -  After talking with OutfieldJack  Im his brother  I got a little bit better of a clew.  I hated hiking back up the hill, but it was worth it.  My wife stayed down at the base and gave directions via her FRS radio. p I did use both sets of coordinates listed in the logs, but both led me astray.  Heres where I was when I found the cache; mind you, there is still heavy tree cover  p 35.05.574N br 083.32.855W p Cache is in good condition   if you do find it, remember to close it tightly.  Took nothing, left Clemson Engineering and Science window decal. p  br Chris and Stacy Porter br www.theportershouse.com p 
  -  Great location, but couldnt find the cache.  Tree cover is very heavy and couldnt get a good fix... was busy doing the bee dance. p Will try again!
  -  We looked up and down the hill and didnt get good reading.  Unable to find.  However, did find an organge pill box at the base of the upper falls between rocks with waterlogged paper with coordinates  we found this the day before without GPS on us... came back with GPS the next day and pill box gone... was this a clue? 
  -  Very nice hike to the waterfall.  My family lives near this one, so we had been there before and knew the spot.   Where you have hidden the actual cache, though, I have no idea.   It didnt seem to be near the waterfall itself, and the hint was not really meaningful.    Anyway, I would advise this hike to anyone, but dont get too hung up on finding the actual cache. p  This entry was edited by DJCameron on Sunday, November 23, 2003 at 6 44 43 PM. 
  -  Very nice hike, my 70 year old mother in law and wife came along. Did not bring hint with me but I would highly recommend having it with you just in case.  The trail to the falls was not bad at all; the last 200 feet to the cache are killer. The ground was covered with leaf litter making it very slippery.  Lots of great hiding places, looked in many but not the right one.  GPS did not work because the difficulty of terrain slowed me down to a crawl, literally.  Waterfall was worth the trip.
  -  This was my first geocaching experience ever! Although this cache can be difficult to find, its in a beautiful location and is well worth the trip. You will not be disappointed.   
  -  The waterfalls are great. The hint was useful because of all the good hiding places around, and because the coordinates may be slightly off  see previous entries . Thanks for a great experience! Best wishes to Jack and Amanda for a long and happy marriage.
  -   Great geocache!  This was my first geocache along with my 10 year old nephew.  We enjoyed the hike, and the water fall was beautiful as advertised. We actually used the coordinates of 4wheelin fool in the comments below. Took CD ROM, left keychains.   Zl arcurjf tenaqsngure jnf na npdhnvagnapr bs N. Ehshf Zbetna, naq ur gbyq hf gung Zbetna jnf n cernpure va gur nern nf jryy nf na nivq uvxre. oe   Gekophile  c  This entry was edited by Gekophile on Friday, October 17, 2003 at 4 42 46 AM.  c  This entry was edited by Gekophile on Monday, December 22, 2003 at 12 39 13 PM.    A HREF . cache_details.aspx?pf y&guid ffaa5be6 ad0f 431e 95a3 0d0ad8b56048&decrypt y&log y&numlogs  decrypt  A  
  -  Beautiful spot that we would have never found otherwise! Had 2 first timers with us, who enjoyed it so much, they are going to buy a GPS and get started! We missed the gravel road on our first pass, but returned and found it. Great spot!
  -  We were in the area on vacation and introduced some friends to geocaching at the same time.  According to the NPS brochure of the areas trails, this one was described as an easy one mile loop trail.  We would not classify it as easy, but the waterfalls are beautiful and well worth the effort.  Thanks for placing a cache here so others can enjoy it.  Our friend got to find it after looking for awhile.  She was thrilled to discover it.  We took some foreign coins and left an oldfashioned ambulance, an Indianhead and arrowhead charms.  The bride and groom decorations are still there!  Hope you had a great 1 year anniversary... br Sky Dancer & Honi Bear 
  -  Down to Atlanta on business from Nova Scotia, Canada and got out to do some touring caching. Stayed in Dillard overnight and set out for this one in the morning. Found cache without too much trouble and the falls were definately worth the trip! Watched the trail pretty close after getting a copperhead warning from a hiker who had just seen one on his walk out. Thankfully we didnt get to meet any...thanks for the hunt. TNLN
  -  Didnt find this one...we found the area the road still had a lock gate up, walked around and half was up the mountain, but the foilage was so thick we thought we would wait till the fall and try again.  We camp in that area just up the road a little.  Cant wait to go back.  The trail is so nice.
  -   We come to the Franklin area a few times a year and are always looking for new places. This is the first cache we have found. We really enjoyed the hike, and the waterfall was beautiful. It took about 30 min. to find and was well worth it. br Our 4 1 2 year old grand nephew liked it so much he wanted to come back the next day.  Sebz bhe crefcrpgvir, vg frrzrq zber yvxr 75 srrg sebz gur onfr bs gur jngresnyy qrcraqvat ba jung bar znl pnyy gur onfr. Naljnl, lbh jbag or yrsg ubyybj sebz guvf rkcrevrapr.  Thank you for such a great first cache experience.  Starquest605    A HREF . cache_details.aspx?pf y&guid ffaa5be6 ad0f 431e 95a3 0d0ad8b56048&decrypt y&log y&numlogs  decrypt  A  
  -  Well this was my wife and is first cache. A good friend introduced us to this fun adventre. So two Brits from Kent got really wet crawling about the North Carolina country side. What a great way to spend a morning. And best of all we found it. Next step buy a GPS then plant a few caches myself.
  -   Loved this cache!  I brought along three friends, all of which were first time geocachers.      Lovely falls, I can see why the honeymooners liked this place.  Unfortunately, the entrance to the state road 388 has a LOCKED GATE!  Still, its probably just the time of year, but its a concern that people should know about.  We did the cache, but we had to walk in from the beginning of the road, and walk back out. p We climbed all over the hill near the falls before we found it.  Gur pnpur vf jvguva 35 be 30 srrg bs gur snyyf, naq snveyl pybfr gb gur onfr bs gur snyyf.   I put this here because of the trouble the four of us had, as well as the fact that one of the people doing this cache put in the log that they spent 3 hours 45 minutes finding it.   O   Good luck to you, reader of this, it is a fun cache, and a beautiful location.  oe    A HREF . cache_details.aspx?pf y&guid ffaa5be6 ad0f 431e 95a3 0d0ad8b56048&decrypt y&log y&numlogs  decrypt  A  
  -  Not an easy find but a lucky one.  The cache is still in good shape. Coordinates were disrupted by the heavy tree cover.
  -  My wife and I are staying at the Wayah Creek cabins also.  Its a second honeymoon for us. Great hike and cache.  It was definitely a 4! We took along my sisterinlaw and her husband and they had a good time. Cache was in good shape. We took something and left something but I cant remember what right now as Im in the local library and I have to get off the computer right away because I only have 20 minutes.  Thanks for great cache and view of the falls.  Mark and Karen Bay City, MI
  -  I am thinking of changing the name of this cache to the cache of ambiguity. Let me explain.....I left out this morning with three caches to do...this was the furthest away so I decided to start with this one. Got there around noon and it was a beautiful walk up to the falls. BTW this is a great area and the falls are fantastic. This is when the fun began. Just by looking at the area you know that the cache is placed up hill. Anyway the gpsr is pointing that way....right? Well the more I headed up hill the steeper it got. But my trusty gpsr is still pointing up hill.......Needless to say I climbed to the top of the hill. It was one of those situations where no matter which direction you go in you are still 185 ft away. The problem is that the tree cover is so dense the gpsr has a hard time getting a clear lock. What I finally had to do is find three clear areas and shoot it with my compass. When I did this I reeled in the cords. I spent 45mins turning the area upside down.....no luck. I then tracked down 4 wheelins cords which were 130 away with an epe of 30. I shot those cords with a compass as well. When all was said and done the cache was at 67 with an epe of 30 from 4wheelins cords. Its not the cache owners fault...the area is very dense plus you are on the side of a mountain. Oh...about my name change idea????? Well, the cords are a bit sketchy and the hint.... its a forest for the trees sort of thing  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  The cache was in good shape and I took nothing and left nothing. Just signed the log..and as 4wheelin said left some sweat.I did not have time to pursue the other caches..........oh well there is always tomorrow. p Thanks for the cache. p Orthoguy
  -  Excellent waterfall!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  Had just a little trouble finding the cache, but after 30 min, it turned up. I suggest looking for it with the coordinates of N35 08.553 and W83 32.875. When I was at the cache the GPS said it was still 90 feet away with 30 feet accuracy, so Im estimating the original coordinates are around 60 feet off. br Worth the hunt. Waterfall is tall, and narrow, in a dense forest. Took nothing, left a log, footprints, and sweat.
GC4AE4: 
  name: The Elegant  Fury of Paradise by Wanderlust and Laughing Moon
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=1b88a571-c40c-42ac-901b-ba317897bb09&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Logging personal TB top track mileage on all caches found. Thanks again for this hunt! Ooo RAH
  -  Took mouse and anti itch cream. br Left Homer Simpson bottle opener and WWII Airplace Spotter card. p We should have paid more attention to the terrain rating. This was one tough hike and we never found the rope. But the view was wonderful. I wish I liked swimming. The pool at the bottom just screamed jump in. p Thanks
  -  Thank for hiding this cache. I was with the INKY Team. N.C. is a nice place to see hi places this is my 2nd trip to N.C. with the group. Hope to see you around next year. 
  -  Found with the INKY crew on our 4 day caching trip in North Carolina and South Carolina. Thanks for placing this cache for us to find! Thanks! p Yes this was paradise ! Thanks OzGuff for pushing us though to the end! p Prairiepartners br Williams,IN br 
  -  I think I now have seven caches on my top five list, each with its own merit. p You just have to go down to appreciate this location.  Simply the most beautiful of the trip.  Say no more. p This is a must do. p Thanks! p 
  -  We almost skipped this one but thanks to OzGuff we did it. The best decision we made all day. This area is just so packed full of beautiful waterfalls. Thanks for bringing us here. p Deermark br INKY group br 
  -  I did this cache with the INKY group from Indiana and Kentucky. It was one of many that were hand picked for us and was, like our entire experience during this trek, very enjoyable. What a setting for geocaching! p After doing this cache I could see that it was going to be impossible to rank my favorite caches on our trip through Western Carolina.  With the incredible sights of moving water and sculptured rock that this one provided, however, Id have to say that it would certainly be in the top echelon.  Many thanks for bringing us to this incredible spot.   Ditto to you, OzGuff!    p Lumberjack Tom br Louisville, KY   br 
  -  I think we got dared by Oz to do this one, but I am glad we did. p This cache was one of many found on a trip to the Blueridge Mountains as part of the team InKy. p Thanks for the great memories. br Turtle3863 br Elizabethtown, Kentucky br 
  -  Great views and caching with friends  the INKY caching group . Thanks for showing us your area. p Could have spent all day here. This place will bring us back in the future. The planning has begun. br 
  -  Found on a four day geocaching trip to NC with the INKY crew.  Had a great time.  p We almost skipped this one after doing Panther Tail Perch and Yosemite of the East.  I am glad we did not skip it.  It is one of my all time favorites.  Truly an awesome view.   p Thanks. p JPlus14 br Floyds Knobs, IN
  -  Hit the cache on a 4 day caching trip to North Carolina and South Carolina with the InKy Caching Group from Southern Indiana and Kentucky.  p What an awesome place! This cache is certainly in my top 10 favorites! The rope is gone but had lots of roots to use on the climb back up. Watch out for the barking spiders if you are in the back of the group going back uphill.  p Kepnfit br Team Dragon Along   InKy Tour Group br Jeffersonville, IN br 
  -  I was guiding the INKY crew around the area today so was able to check on some caches at the same time    all OK here. This place is awesome!
  -  My parents were along to see just what this geocaching things was all about.  This was a great one to give a feel for how adventurous this can be!  We finally got on the right track after following the wrong trail down to the creek.   Should have read the directions more closely   The hike down was strenuous in places.  For future cachers, the rope is definitely not there anymore so use caution on the descent.  Also, if the water is low it may be easier to follow the creek to the top of the falls and then follow the path to the bottom.  Beautiful views from the bottom.  I may have to come back when its warmer just to try out the pool.  Had nothing to leave, so we just signed the log.
  -  Got to this cache about midnight under a full moon   beautiful and eerie at night! Had to use the hint to find the cache. TNLNSL   cache is still nice and dry. This is another great hike hide by Wanderlust & Laughing Moon! Thanks!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Your cache has been crashed by TEAM HIKERMAN! p Our favorite cache of the week.  Most magnificent view of a waterfall we have been introduced to so far.  Very difficult hike.  We never did see the rope, and believe that it is no longer there.  Still able to make it to the bottom however.  Stayed a while and enjoyed the scenery.  TNLNSL.  Thank you for showing us this area that we probably otherwise would not have seen.
  -  Fun one. We took parents and seven year old daughter. Parents didnt make it down to the base of the falls because of the steep climb, but the rest of us did. Had to use the hint for the final find.
  -  Found the cache with the help of the hint.  Fantastic area.  Never would have found this site if not for geocaching.  SL, Took black electrical tape and can coozie.  Left, world marble, egg note pad, toy frog, small toy snake, parachute dude, travel packs of ointments, and a WG $.  After enjoying the waterfalls, we made our climb back up the mountain.  Never could find the rope.  Oh well, we had a good time.  TFTH br Wee Lee, Smudge & Issa  
  -  Found with family.
  -  Found with dad and sister.  See OzGuffs log. 
  -  Found with dad OzGuff, brother Tahu and mom. Lots of fun! Glad I finally made it all the way to the bottom!
  -  The whole family went out on this glorious day and had a great hiking experience! This time we made it all the way to the bottom, and found the cache with no problems!  The hint helped!  Since this cache had been logged last in August we were surprised to see 3 or 4 logs in the logbook  including Stanger yesterday! p We took some Pokemon cards  for Tahu , a penny  for OzMeg  which was left by her friend, RTREADs daughter  and a risque keychain  by OzGuff . We left a personal fan  batteries included , an Edward Jones Mighty Grip kitchen tool, a multi colored superball, and a deck of cards. p Had a great time and will be back  when it is warmer  to take a swim in the upper pools! TFTC!
  -  Very nice! Left road map, golf ball, and penny found in parking area. Took screw driver.
  -  Did not find it with Dad OzGuff
  -  Had a great time climbing slipping hiking scrambling through and around and under and over. Daughter had a soccer game so we had to turn around halfway down the 200 foot descent; was she ever mad! Unless we were way off I think the rope may not be there anymore. Will be back again! OzGuff
  -  SPECTACULAR!!!  Wow what an INCREDIBLE place!  Much thanks to Wanderlust and Laughing Moon for sharing this astounding piece of Gods creation with all of us!   br After traveling to City of Granite, my friend and I traversed to this cache site and were blown away with the beauty and tranquility of this gem.  Not only is this my favorite cache site to date, but also one of my favorite areas of the United States I have ever visited.   br After finding the cache, my bud and I jumped in the pool, swam for a while, and then scrambled our way up to the upper falls and dove in the deep hole up there.  If youre looking for the swim of your life, this is the place! br    Note  Future cachers should rely more on the clue than the coordinates  my magellan was showing the cache site quite a great deal off of coords while still maintaining good reception at the base of the falls . br Thanks again Wanderlust and Laughing Moon for sharing a bit of your paradise with me!    
  -  WOW!!!!!  That is all I can say.  CKMAY, the trailhounds and myself could not resist had to jump into that inviting pool.  What a great place thank you for showing us the way. p Found cache with help of hint.  GPS had us on wrong side of creek.  Everyting is in good shape.  Took freedom bracelet Left squishy head thing? p Again thanks, we had a great afternoon and the dogs are plum tuckered from swimming all day.
  -  This water was COLD!!!    img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  p Was a super swimming hole.  None of us had bathing suits but the water was so inviting we all went in anyway.  Swam around a bit, found a natural seat in rock wall, played under the falls. p Just looked at the pictures on the cache discription page.  The rope you show climbing down the hill looks like the rope that is now by the lower falls.  We used it to swing under the falls. p After the swim three of us headed out to find the cache.  Found it fairly quickly.   p TN LN p LifeTap p  last edit  7 8 2003 10 06 02 AM PST 
  -  That water is COLD!  Hiked with my wife and some friends to the falls.  The trail was fairly easy until the steep decent.  The rope was gone and the roots were slick.  It’s possible that the rope has been moved to the base of the falls so that you can swing out under the falls.  Amazing place that we will definitely visit again.  We had a lot of fun.  Oh yeah, and we found the cache.  The GPS was giving a bearing in one direction for a while and then gave a bearing in the opposite direction.  I’d recommend using your body to shield the GPS from the rack walls at the falls for better accuracy. TNLN
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  br That was a tough one. By the way the rope is missing.  I had to pull out the compass on this one, gps went out at the bottem.
  -  WOW that was a blast. I dont think i ever found the right trail. I shimmied fown trees and climbed rocks to get to the bottem. Debree everywhere from the last storm. No signal at the bottem . Had to use the hint all i can say is wow. What a blast. Bueatiful scenery. MEGAVIS
  -  My two sons, sister, and brother in law visited this site shortly after dogwoodwind & I must say this was the most beautiful area visited since I started Geocaching. Left calculator & took toy boat. Bob o link p  last edit  9 10 2002 5 45 44 AM PST 
  -  Found it using the cheat. This place has got to be North Carolinas best kept secret. br The falls and pool are nothing short of awesome. br Its nice to still find Gods handiwork unspoiled. br We Signed the logbook. Left nothing and took only beautiful memories. This was our 3rd cache...and by far the best. Thanks for leading us to such a wonderful location. br Dogwoodwind & Wife   Pell City, Alabama
  -  What a great place.  The falls, pools and canyon are awesome.  I found this cache with my grandson Geowaddy and daughter Susan.  It is a little tricky to find with numerous trails in the area.  The right trail is soon after you leave the parking area and to the left off the main trail.  The co ordinates were right on and the cache was right where the description said.  It had rained the night before we went so the climb down to the pool and cache was slipperly going and the rope was a great help.  Took a small plastic container with a few items in it and left a spider ball and a North Carolina refrigator door magnet. Thank you Wonderlust and Laughing Moon for a great cache experience.  Also took the Steg travel bug, #305629. Will relocate it to another cache.    p  p  br  last edit  8 17 2002 2 00 22 PM PST 
  -  This was my first Cach experience.  What a way to start out.  I took my 9 year old daughter with me and it was FANTASTIC from the start.  The directions were very good except the exact mileage coming from the Tuckaseigee turnoff on HWY 281 is actually closer to 12 1 2   13 miles instead of 11.  Once we found it, it was exactly as the directions explained.  AWESOME!  My daughters highlights were climbing up and down the rope, swimming in the upper pool, and finding the cach.  The views are spectacular!  Hopefully this is only the start of many fun experiences to come.  My daughter took the container of bubble mix with her and left 2 3D cards, 1 penny, 1 necklace, and one eraser.  Thanx Again, rtread br 
  -  Wow...what a neat place.  We really enjoyed finding this cache.  The hike was quite a challenge for us, but one we were glad we took  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle .  We were thankful for the rope on the way down and didnt feel it was as difficult coming back up as we had feared.  There was a couple that was swimming at the waterfall and jumping off the cliff into the water...CRAZY!!!  We saw quite a few large tadpoles in the water as well.  We dropped off Steg OSaurus the travel bug.  We took the Splash Ball and left some Pokemon Movie Cards, a Pikachu Clip, and a Lee Greenwood Button.  Thanks for leading us to an interesting place that we NEVER would have found otherwise. p  last edit  8 3 2002 8 04 20 PM PST 
  -  Ditto to OrthoGuy  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Now this is what geocaching is about. This was our last cache of the weekend and it turned out to be the best. The rock formations associated with this river are amazing. I wonder how long it took the flow of the river to wear those spouts into the bed rock. I will say this...I dont think this is a good hike for young children or older folks who are not hikers. The cache was well hidden and in good shape.....take the hint as my gpsr had me looking on the wrong side of the river. We had planned on doing another cache before we left but we decided to stay and enjoy the area for awhile. I cant remember what we took and what we left due to the fact we did a number of caches this weekend. Thank you for the great cache.....This is one of the good ones. p OrthoGuy br and  br Adventure Chick
  -  What a wonderful cache location! The falls are both unique and quite beautiful. We both enjoyed the short envigorating scramble to the cache. br We used the hint and Dianne walked straight to the cache. The satellite coverage is poor and at times non existant.  br We were the only ones at the falls and after locating the cache spent an hour or so just enjoying the pools, boulders and water falls. We took a square puzzle, book, flower seeds, and Milo Thatch a traveler. We will help Milo with his travels soon. br We left a dog collar, water gun, 16 ft.tape, furry mouse cat toy , pair of dice, pocket screwdriver, carabinner, bouncing ball and a pen to log your finds. br Many thanks to Wanderlust and Laughing moon for another great geocache adventure and for introducing us to a location we would have never seen.   br Ron & Dianne
  -  4 8 02 Found it this morning.It is a great cache location,But remember the rocks can be slick and waterfalls can be dangerous.It was pretty easy to find ,but it is hidden really well so non cachers want see it.A picture doesnt do the falls justice.I took the George Strait cd for my daughter and left a pair of gloves and 2 stuff bags.I left the soldier alone.The next one checking out this cache needs to take a pen or penncil to the cache.I didnt have an extra one with me.Thanks again for another great cache adventure.Newknee
  -  The traveler Milo Thatch  from the movie ATLANTIS  br was taken from the Blue Ridge cache and now resides here in PARADISE! PIck him up, move him to a new cache, and email the address on his tag! p                                  Wanderlust
GC16CK8: 
  name: Carmel-by-the-Sea Wealth and Stealth created by private bones
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16CK8&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  No luck, too many people, maybe next time.
  -  If followed instructions are clear.  Found it on 11 3 07. Sorry for delay in logging in. Picked up TB baire, will move it along. TFTC, pretty ingenious!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   I was out for a morning of geocaching the morning following the end of Daylight Saving Time and this was one of my searches. p An aborted search yesterday, I came back today at 7 30 am before the guard and the local proprietors were about.  p This was certainly evil. SL 50sumtin br 
  -  I was out for a morning of caching before Daylight Saving Time ends and this was one of my searches. p With the parking lot guard on duty, I gave up quickly on this search. Another time. 50sumtin p Quick and easy find. SL 50sumtin
  -  We, too, were driven off by the superabundance of muggles  including that bank guard...I think she thinks a heist is in the works . We did stop into the liquor store nextdoor to buy some new AA batteries, though. Well try again a quieter time  maybe this Sunday morning.
  -  Many people around including the guard at the bank.  We sat on a stone wall for awhile but she didnt leave.  In fact she paced back and forth checking everyone.  We did a quick glance at the walk way but decide we didnt want to end up in jail.  Sunday morning would be a good time for this one.
  -  We were really trying with this one but the proprieter of the shop nearby was taking a smoke break  he would not leave!! We decided to leave this one for next time. p We will be back!! p The little store on the corner is one that you must go to. We took pictures by the pumpkins and bought some yummy candy for the ride home. p Thanks for the fun! br Ellenbarger Crew br Turlock CA 
  -  It helps to be sneaky when you have a 9 year old with you. TFTC!
  -  2nd dnf today.  Found the walkway but I guess the camo was too good for my sleuthing abilities.
  -  FTF.  Thanks for the hunt.  Not to many people out this morning.  TNLNSL.
  -  Bug Drop  BAire the Airedale Terrier is launched in this notoriously dog friendly town!
  -  Published
  -  Bug Drop  Three Fish by JMG br 
GCZHP9: 
  name: La Mission San Carlos Borromeo del Rio Carmelo created by WalruZ
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCZHP9&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Fun cache! Found today as the stormy weather was clearing   spectacular breaking sun view. Cache was very exposed on the ground. Judgeing from the camo, looks like it was meant to be hidden in a different way. Its now back where it was designed to be....
  -  Last of 5 finds today on this beautiful day fall day on the Monterey Peninsula, Had been wanting to spend a weekend here in this dog friendly area with my dog Mollie for awhile and this was the perfect excuse to visit here as I was feeling sorry for myself since I cant ride my bicycle because of a geo injury sustained 3 weeks ago and was getting antsy. p What an enjoyable visit to a mission I last visited about 40 years ago  and dont remember anything about  combined with a nice little hike with Mollie  and got to test out my stitched up knee, which worked fine .  Enjoyed walking around the mission grounds and the nature preserve.  Took Arkansas Cacher TB.  Left Happy Feet Toy  watched this movie in my motel room this morning .
  -  Nice spot, enjoyed the mission and surrounding area.  Left a TB. TFTC.
  -  5 15 PM   I made this a two star terrain because I was not prepared for a walk. Nice location and roomy container with lots of goodies. Thanks.  #1177 
  -  We are in the Monterey area for two weekends of vintage car racing.  Of course, there is a little time for geocaching.  Today was an absolutely perfect day in Carmel.  This was good fun.  TFTC.
  -  Visited the Mission and then worked on this fun Multi. Loved the view from the bench at the end. Got some great snapshots. TNLNSL.
  -  We had some issues with a possessed printer, and had to brute force some of the answers for this one, and then were a little leery of the hike but went anyway, and got annoyed at the poison oak lining the edges, although my luck held and I didnt get any, but I dont know about my parental units.  Got a very pretty little bead and put I think a whistle or a toy car in there, maybe both, I dont remember.
  -  nice one   thanks for the verification    my printer was possessed and did not print the last inch of text  we had to wing some of the answers
  -  This was 1 of 25 for Cache Money and me on the Fourth of July in the Monterey and Carmel area.  We got an early start on the day in an effort to avoid patriotic muggles!  Good history lesson and thoughtful, beautiful placement of cache...  TNLNSL, TFTC, and Happy 4th!
  -  What a great cache hidden in a gem of a location.
  -  Oh what fun this was! I have taken my friend Swayco on 5 caches before and every time we didnt find the cache. He was beginning to think he was bad luck untill this cache. We loved the hike. The view took our breaths away. Cell phone cameras just dont do the view justice! Thanks so much for sharing this is spot! br T  Marble br L  Brocade bead
  -  Cant say it better than my sister  except that I was the tired, wet and whiney one! I would have enjoyed this more at the beginning of our day, not the end. Semi strenuous hike for a non hiker like me, but I enjoyed the puzzle aspect and the hide was fair and well camod. TFTC, WalruZ!!
  -  Arrived at this site, with my sister, Evil Cow Pie  visiting from the San Joaquin Valley , at the end of a long 11 hour day of caching.  Although rain was falling and the sun had theoretically set, we tackled this multi with vigor belying our ages! After cracking the puzzle portion, we hit the trails  notice the plural!  After a few fits and starts, we arrived at the cache site and a wonderfully camod container.  Yes, we were tired...yes, we were wet...yes, it was almost dark...but we both were able to recognize a truly inspired multicache.  Need a cache to use as an introduction for a new geocacher? Nothing better than this one  Geocaching 101, to be sure!  Congrats and thanks, WalruZ!!
  -  Found it after some time trying to hide from muggles.  We even had to tell someone that we were looking for our lost keys!!!  LOL  I would tell everyone to try this one in the afternoon.  Morning time was not good. TFTC Left Geo sticker.
  -  Lately Ive gotten into the habit of visiting these places so I had to do the cache also.  Found the needed clues and walked over to the cache, it was a nice day for it, thanks.
  -  Spring break w  a 4th grader   mission visit for report research.  After touring the mission, we searched for the clues which were pretty easy to find.  Its a good idea to do them in order and not skip one.....but we figured out the one we missed using the checksum  thanks! .  Picked up the Victoria TB and a United for Diabetes that is not listed in the cache.  Will try to sort that one out....
  -  good cache. it helps to have a pencil to record the numbers correctly and not try to remember them! Once I wrote them down andput them where they belonged it wasnt that hard.  follow the directions   there is a good hint in them 
  -  It was very intereting to read about the Mission.  The coordinates were easy to find and they lead us to the cache which was a great hide.  Took the Abby TB and left tigger and bracelet. TFTC
  -  Contrary to the experience and claims of the previous two posters, I followed the directions and obtained digits that correctly added up to the checksum. The digits also, when entered as the coordinates, took me directly to the cache location. Left my Abby Travels Far and Wide travel bug here. You really have to be careful on the median near the bell  while I was obtaining the required information there a huge RV zoomed by within feet of me. TFTC p  This entry was edited by surplusiq on Sunday, April 01, 2007 at 9 29 56 PM. 
  -   Great multi!  However, one of the digits you are required to get is WRONG.   The last weekday service isnt at the time to yield the correct coordinates or checksum. br 
  -  Fun multi and a nice park at the end.  The actual numbers add up to 41 and put you on private property.  However, only one of the numbers can logically be changed to increase the sum to 44, and there lies the cache.  Correcting the answer using a checksum seems to deserve a higher difficulty level than 1.5.    T candy  L Playdough
  -  A rainy day, but still a great walk and excellent hide.  Came across a bobcat up the trail a bit. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_shock.gif border 0 align middle  Signed log, left Geocaching bracelet, took stickers.
  -  Found this February 19th. Fun puzzle, and allowed us to see details of the mission wed never noticed before. The final location makes for a very pleasant walk. TFTH!
  -  I thought it would be easy except the numbers added up to 41.  After trying different combinations by adding three, the search began.  Thanks for the puzzle.
  -  bit windy but a good day
  -  This was a great hide.  We had a lot of fun and enjoyed the beautiful walk.  T Ball, L Smarties from San Francisco. TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  I never knew of this mission. Shows how much I pay attention to my surroundings!!! First one of the day. Thanks for the great find! Smokeybayr logged what we took and left.
  -  Found it. Nice cache. Thanks.  br Left travel bug un1qmp.
  -  We absolutely loved the puzzle to get the coordinates. Nice walk that leads to downtown. Took bottle opener and left slinky. TFTC
  -  This was going to be a piece of cake.  The questions were all easily answered, previous loggers had recorded no difficulty, and all I had to do was calculate the checksum and I was ready to go.  But wait  my checksum didnt add up to 44!.  To make a long story short, we revisited each of the questions three times, recalculated the waypoints, tried brute forcing it, all with no luck.  Ill be darned if I can figure out whats going on.  Ill contact WalruZ to see why we had so much trouble.  Camnpete
  -  Took the GS troop to go find this one. They really enjoyed it. I bribed them with candy, so they were very enthusiastic.  p I loved the view from the bench. The crashing waves were spectacular. Didnt bring a map, so I couldnt identify the landscape landmarks p Here are the girls comments  br Challenging, but fun. br Love the ocean view. br Tricky find. br Worthwhile. We were glad we brought candy as a reward.
  -    Just Mama star out for a morning cache run before leaving town to head back east. Found all the info needed and had a nice walk to the final. Good to stretch the legs before spending 6 hours on a plane later today. Found the cache easily, coords were great and had 10 ft accuracy  never see that in NH . Had to take a couple things in order to fit the TB in. Thanks WalruZ for the recomendation, it was a beautiful morning at the mision. br Took  pirate and black stick br Left  Ra The Sun God TB br TFTC
  -  Had fun finding these trails with my daughter after drinks in Carmel.  What is it that makes this fun? Left goodies we bought at the Mission gift shop
  -  Well, there are a few stories I could tell about the big fountain in the middle of this mission, but discretion is the better part of valor...
  -  Uh Oh, Time seems to get away from me, so I am finally going to take some of it and log in these past caches.  Always enjoy the hunt and I am consistently amazed at the creativity of some of the cachers out there   TFTC
  -  Great cache.  We got some history, really nice nature trail.  Thank you.
  -  Brought my Dallas Ft.Worth family with me to my ancestral home for the holidays.  After all the fabulous scenery I have shown them, I am going to get a lot less grief back in Dallas.  Lets not hear anymore shes from California, but we let her marry into the family anyway!  We had a wonderful time caching up and down the coast from Carmel   thanks for a great cache.  A lady walking her dog told us the story behind the Christmas tree with all the dog signed Christmas balls.  Seems as if a local family planted it in memorial for a young child that had passed away.  I guess the Monterey Herald wrote up the story about the Christmas ornaments and the family was very much in approval of the tradition.  It is a beautiful addition to a great trail and everyone should hike all the way up to the old Flanders Mansion.
  -  Took great pics as we toured the mision and enjoyed the hike to the cache.  What a beautiful area!  Loved the dog Christmas tree and ornaments.
  -  Beautiful day and great hunt!  Mission was beautiful to visit on Christmas day, as well as the nature preserve.  TFTC!
  -  Spent a great day caching down south with good friends  WalruZ and Donvsop .  Found with the cache owner in tow. Thanks for the caches. br 
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Out for a walk on a nice day.  There was a very nice decorated Christmas tree along the path.  TNLNSL.
  -  Thanks Walruz for the great multi...Great pictures of Carmel Mission too!
  -  I supposed shouldnt have done the adding in my head.  Updated checksum and  I hope  clarified a stage.  Thanks!
  -  Great multicache, enjoyed it!  Had minor trouble with the final coordinates   will e mail owner separately. p And A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H 44. p I knew I was close when I saw the incredible view from the bench, and found with little trouble looking back at my first stage numbers. p TNLN, SL.  Thought I might be FTF, but others found it yesterday.  TFTC!   Find #182  p  This entry was edited by Pippinspaw on Tuesday, November 28, 2006 at 1 26 25 PM. 
  -  Found it First? My first FTF. What a break, on a trip and checked caches in the area, and there it was.  Did not want to spend the drive home time on a multi, but Sweet Nancy wanted to visit the mission.  What a nice walk, which we did not expect.  One suggestion is to put it closer to the pathway, so not so much off trail searching.  tnln.   br Thanks for a lovely cache.
  -  Published
GCZ690: 
  name: Munras #1 created by #1 geobears
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCZ690&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Great camo job.  I looked at it a few times before I realized it was the cache.  Signed the new log.  TFTC
  -  Cache is back.
  -  Checked on cache tonight, only to find it missing. Will replace it soon.
  -  Hm... didnt find this one. Maybe the geocaching gods werent with us...
  -  Vry well hidden! Very creative! TFTC!
  -  Cool hide. You guys have really great camo. TFTC p  p  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle scottdudester img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found with my son Scottdudester as our final cache of the day.  Nice hide.  The log is TOTALLY FULL now as we squeezed in our initials. TFTC  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  nice hide but I wonder if someday a repair crew will find this cache.SL.TFTC.
  -  Easy find and pretty muggle proof! Must have passed by this one a hundred times while playing disc golf here.  p TFTC! p EDIT  Forgot to mention that we were the last spot on the log. You might want to replace it if you expect anyone to be able to sign it in the future! p   Coyforce p  This entry was edited by coyforce on Saturday, September 08, 2007 at 4 13 10 PM. 
  -  Pretty quick grab after a morning at the Big Sur Lighthouse.
  -  Good one! Very good hide. Thanks.
  -  Very clever hide!  Thank you!  The log is just about used up.
  -  Great hide!  Went right to it as soon as I had the something doesnt look quite right moment.  TFTC!
  -  Team Ninja found this one while we were staying across the street at the Knights Inn!! Wife NinjaSwissMiss spotted it right away. Very clever hide. TFTH!
  -  Clever camo.  TFTC.  SL.
  -  Great camo. Thanks for not making me go down into the muck.
  -  We are here for the two weekends of vintage car racing at Laguna Seca.  But, there is always time for a little caching.  Great hide.  TFTC.
  -  Nice hide!  I love how cachers see the world! TallPaulO and I are traveling down the coast celebrating 8 years of wedded bliss   caching of course! TFTC
  -  It took a little while but I finally found it.  Clever hide
  -  Set out for this one at the spur of the moment, and it took a little searching to finally make the grab. Clever camo! It looks like there was a bit of weed whacking done in the area. TFTC!
  -  Interesting location, it appears to be some sort of Disc golf course, so we had to duck a flying frisbee when leaving! TNLNSL, and TFTC!
  -  Short walk from my hotel on Munras! TFTC.
  -  Geocaching with my wife and SuperRat.  This was an easy find   maybe we just got lucky, but the cache was at the first place I touched. p Before start searching we looked around and the place seemed completely deserted.  After we moved on, we passed next to a bush and there was a bum laying on the ground behind the bush.  Although I dont think it is very probable, it is still possible that he saw us searching...       We always try to be very careful in this respect, but sometimes things like this happen.  I hope we didnt compromise the cache. p TFTC.
  -  07 07 07 was generally a lucky day for exploring the coast from Santa Cruz to Monterey with geekster and mjp303.  This location reminded me of my SCUBA re certification trip to the area, back in 1989.
  -  Out today with Shores Scout and Mjp303, nice camo on this one, thanks !
  -  31 of 38. A cache run along the Monterey Bay coastline with geekster and Shores Scout.  Creative camouflage! TFTC. mjp303
  -  pam found this one very quickly. we enjoyed the area, good for walking the dogs. br sights2c
  -  Out doing some shopping and decided to make a second attempt here  determined that this would not become my new Harbor View!  Despite the vehicle and foot traffic, I was able to focus and score this time around.  Excellent camouflage  invisible to all except a geocacher!  TFTC!! 
  -  Took me two tries at this one.  When I found it, I realized I was looking right at it the last time!  Great hide!  
  -  Cache is well done and placed in a nice spot.  TFTC
  -  cache has been fixed.
  -  We, too, had to dosey doe around some frisbee players. Funny little spot. I love discovering my own home territory with this silly hobby. Passionate addiction. Whatever     And yes, the part that screws on to keep the log protected is gone. TFTC!
  -  there were a two grown men playing frisbee close by so i waited for them to move on, i stood on the bridge for a few minutes thinking where it could be, then spotted something that didnt look quite right, so i did a quick grab when the men were not looking in my direction, the top of the container is missing, thanks for the fun cache. 
  -  Will this be my new Harbor View?
  -  found it br tfth
  -  Thanks for the hide.  We are here for a few days from Arroyo Grande.
  -  Nice hide   thanks for the cache.
  -  This was the last of 13 finds while on Day 2 of a road trip to San Jose with GoBeach and troupb b. We didnt get to this one until after dark, but it wasnt too bad. Parking was close and not many people around.  I managed to be the first to spot this one.  Very nice hide!  TNLNSL.  
  -  This was the last of 13 finds while on Day 2 of a road trip to San Jose with GoBeach and jbc. I think this was the only one that we did today in the dark.  And it wasnt too bad either.  We parked very close to GZ, saw very few muggles, and jbc found the cache pretty quickly!  But it was a clever hide   we all commented on how nice it was!  TNLNSL.  Thanks for the hide.  
  -  Took a bit longer than it should of.  Thanks for the find!
  -  TFTC!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  Out for another early morning of geocaching in Monterey. A quick find. SL 50sumtin
  -  Grabbed this one today, some muggle was very curious becaouse he thought I was testing what was below.  TFTC!
  -  Took a couple tries but finally found it. Had a little help from Fierceart. I actually had my hand on it the first time and still missed it.
  -  Found it on our way back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing and geocaching in Pacific Grove.  I tried to go to Starbucks to get a warm drink on this cold cold day, but the place was packed!  Instead, I had to settle for a cup of weak coffee from the coffeemaker in our hotel room.
  -  My wife wanted to get something at Whole Foods, so I jumped out for this cache.  Or was it the other way around?  In any event, a nice stop on the way back to Monterey this morning.
  -  Confession   Jim and I stopped by on the way to a Super Bowl gathering last Sunday and failed to find the cache. br We only spent a few mintues as he was anxious to see the start of the big game. So we left empty handed. p All week long I kept thinking about Munras #1. I just knew that I didnt look hard enough so I was determined to go back for a second try. Despite the rain I drove to Whole Foods, parked, grabbed the umbrella and set out on the hunt. p Today I followed my intuition and went right to the spot. br Very clever hide. p Of course I called Jim after my score...had to gloat a bit! br Im sure he will head back there real soon. br    br Wendy
  -  Well, we started off our afternoon of caching in the Monterey area with a #1 Geobears cache. Cleaver hide. I know for sure that they had to go home to do the construction and return for placement on this one. Theres no way you would carry the makins for this around in your car. TNLNSL T4TC RAT&TRAP
  -  We just beat the rain to get this one. After the find we had a yummy late lunch at Whole Foods Market. We wish one would open in Santa Cruz! TFTC!
  -  Found it and signed the log. Nice hide. TFTC!
  -  Unique method of camoflague.
  -  Did some Whale watching and found this one on the way! Merry Christmas
  -  Found this one with nutty10, cabosnoozen and jake.  Fun way to spend Christmas away from home.
  -  Spent a great day caching down south with good friends  WalruZ and Donvsop .  Thanks for the caches. br 
  -  I found this cache along a number of others while caching with TeamAlamo and WalruZ.  Had a great, but wet day.  TNLNSL  TFTC
  -  Very cool container.  Found with Pippinspaw. br 
  -  Not familiar with a bison tube, but found quickly after searching the optimal locations.   Find #183 
  -  Found it easily enough. This one has been within .3 miles of ym house since it was placed and havent found the time to get out here. Doing some Christmas shopping and nabbed it. TNLN Thanks!
  -  Great container. TFTC!
  -  Walked right up and found this one immediately, nice hide.  SL  TFTC! p Treefrogz, geocationing from Allentown, PA p  p 
  -  found while in the area visiting from S.D well say HI to Tombmaker img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  TFTH Bradybunchboys img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_8ball.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found with hidude_98 while up visiting from San Diego. We played some golf and managed to sneak out to grab a few caches. We were a little thrown off by the description, but managed to make the grab soon enough. Thanks for the fun and clever spot for the cache. TFTC SL
  -  Nice quick grab with Tombmaker. We did end up searching quite a bit of the area though, until Tombmaker made the grab. First cache of our late night dash. TFTC. SL.
  -  Nice little area and good hide.  Plenty of trash for CITO and we did take care of what we could carry.  TFTC.
  -  Caches in the darndest places.  Nice hide. 
  -  Cool hide. Thanks.
  -  Found this one while fulfilling a cache requirement for Adventure Quest III Orient Express.  This one meets the near and outdoor mall requirement. TFTH!
  -  The son and I stumbled upon this one while out getting some afternoon sun.  TFTC!
  -  Found this one right away. Nice camo job. SL
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Went right to this one for some unexplained reason.  Nice hidey spot, good job.
  -  Great camo job!!!  Thanks!
  -  I looked there.  Good thing I married BuckyD, no?
  -  I found this cache surprisingly quickly, though it was not the first  or even second  place I looked.  Nicely done!
  -  FTF!! Grabbed this one right after work today. TFTC
  -  Published
GCE62: 
  name: Skyline Cache created by Just a Short Walk
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCE62&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Nice easy find close to home!! Great views out there.
  -  The Mason Marauders  Sobek  from Cincinnat , Duffer, Orvie. Jtiger, Eagle Eye found this cache. Took a silver apple trinket, left 4 quarters. p Loved the park. p Thanks for hiding this cache.
  -  Walked right to it!  Nice change of pace after looking a while for Thumbs Up
  -  Awesome Park! Boady was fun to hike with too!
  -  Yay this was the only cache I found in this park today!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dissapprove.gif border 0 align middle  Left beads and a mix CD, took poison oak med pack. TFTC!
  -  This was really great!  Lovely park and we accidentally found a letterbox, exact description, just a few feet away. We were double lucky.  MT4
  -  Thanks for the hunt.  Absolutely clear day making great views all around.  TNLNSL.
  -  Six years ago This was the third of three caches that I started my Geocache hides with. p Its been here a long time.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEOCACHE!
  -  Another great hike and another great cache. I really enjoyed the Jacks Peak area   Im sure I spent time up here as a kid since we were in Monterey visiting family often. p Took and left nothing, thanks for the cache and the hike!
  -  great park br tfth
  -  Excellent view...beautiful day here in Jacks Peak...Thanks!
  -  Found this one today while caching at Jacks Peak.  TFTC!  
  -  New Years Day 2007! br Had a great New Years Eve in Carmel and decided to try finding our second cache using our new Garmin GPSmap 60CSx  Xmas gift from C to A . br Took us a while  came from an opposite direction and had some trouble with the learning curve  but were very pleased with the location and views.  Beautiful place!  Would never have even thought of visiting here even though we frequent the area. br Took the dog, left a shell. br C & A
  -  Very nice view! TFTC!
  -  Caching around Jacks Peak today. Was here a few weeks ago and decided to return and pick up the rest in this area. Quick find TFTC br 
  -  Really nice area. The view is great. Found the cache in a nice quiet area.
  -  Great spot I was here once before, Not sure why I didnt grab this one? Love the view just feet up the trail but this one was the furthest from the car and the kids were tired  so was I  and we had to get back before dinner. br TFTC TNLN SL
  -  First cache of the day and first cache with my new GPSMAP 60Cx!! Great hike on up, and of course great views all around. Grabbed the TB and will move him along shortly. Thanks!
  -  The views seen on the way to the cache actually brought tears to my eyes.  The fog had cleared and the trees provided a natural frame to unbelievable sights.  I also loved the cache hide, even though I did have to wander a bit before zeroing in on it.  Took Nemo and Kokopelli rock; left keychain and geocaching button.  TFTC and, I think, a chance meeting with WalruZ on the trail!!
  -  My destination cache to start the day of hiking in Jacks Peak Park.  There were a million places that a cache could be in the immediate area, but thankfully it was hidden in the logical spot so I could spend more of my time with these wonderful monterey pines.  I liked the nearby overlook very much   jacks peak itself was overgrown and hard to see off, although I suppose thats how it goes.  Thanks!
  -  This cache is hidden in one of our favorite areas of Jacks Peak Park.  It commands a beautiful view of Monterey and Monterey Bay.  It was sunny today although the bay was completely fogged in.  We took nothing and left a signature Village Idiot pin.  Thanks for the hide! br Village Idiots
  -  Third of the hat trick in this park after spending a few hours downtown in Monterey. Dropped off the Surfs Up Bug to start its long journey. TFTC
  -  wow   two great views  carmel and monterey . p I stumbled into a letterbox before I found the geocache.
  -  Wohooo! Found this one while lost in the woods looking for Docs Geo Cache VIII. TFTC T  Rasmussen Travel Bug L   Nemo SL. The pictures are a total spoiler. Never would have found it without them though. 
  -  Great Park and great place to launch my first TB...hopefully it will move on its way soon.  Twisted Treker was with me and witnessed the event....TNSL
  -  Great day to launch a travel bug! GeoBuddy ROANQ sent hers on its way and lucky me got to witness it..Bon Voyage! Great spot for a cache. Love the park. br L  Kokopelli Rock TN SL
  -  Fun find, great way to start the day at Jacks Peak
  -  very very very very very very very nice aera loved it pick up acorn hidden back to bake tftc
  -  What a nice hike we had! We love the park and had a great time with our boys finding this one. We signed the log but were disappointed that both the bug and coin were already gone. Oh well...well have to keep searching for some to take to the east coast with us! We left a few trinkets for the next visitors. Thanks for a great time!  
  -  Third of three today with my 82yo Mom.  We had a great time.  She thought the hide was in a spectacular spot.  There are some tremendous views up here! p Left a Blind Acorn coin as it seemed appropriate.
  -  Our fourth cache today. Hard find, but took Elwood Woodys Travel Bug #570327 to go back to Colorado.  Great fun p  This entry was edited by bentfort on Friday, June 02, 2006 at 2 52 13 PM.  p  This entry was edited by bentfort on Friday, June 02, 2006 at 2 56 34 PM. 
  -  This is a tough one!  Found the Letterbox on the way first. Must go beyond. Took a bit of searching.  Take the high road in life and you will obtain your goals more efficiently. Left the obsidian rock and took the TB, Elwoods Woody Top.  Its off to Colorado.  Didnt see Sharky TB.  Beautiful Day.  Oh, and $4.00 on weekends. 
  -  Beautiful trail with an even more beautiful cache partner, SueBee!! Riley the pup came along also. Everything was pristine and very clear after Sundays rains. Carmel River Beach looked so idealic through the trees. Accidentally found a letterbox cache nearby called Rabbits Den. Dropped off TB Elwoods Woody Top. TNLNSL. 
  -  Our second cache of the day.  Deirdra found it.  T   Balloon.  L   Greek Euro Penny.  TFTC.   Find #3. 
  -  This is our honeymooncache. br Thanks for a beautiful view and best regards from Sweden. br Niklas&Lisa
  -  We brought some fiends along.  C Minors friend, Kayla, found the cache.  I think weve recruited a new family into the sport.  T   Smashed Penny Travel Bug.  L   Greek Euro Penny.
  -  Found this one with some friends. I was heading right to the cache, when the other two came upon a letterbox cache. Pretty neat the letterbox cache, but didnt have a stamp to leave...We all regrouped to find this cache. Really nice overview of Monterey Bay...L Peace Earrings TN. 
  -  Enjoyed this find with co workers on a business trip from Florida. Especially enjoyed the view of Monterey. TNLNSL.
  -  Fun lunchtime cache.  I love parks like this with a view from up high, and so close to Monterey.  I dont get views like this in FL.  On the hunt, found a nearby Rabbit Hole letterbox   a rel nofollow href http   www.letterboxing.org  target _blank visit link  a    , mistaking it for the cache.  Too bad I didnt have a stamp and pad.  I could have logged my first letterbox.  But flosogeo was on the right track, and found the cache.  Left a new TB of mine  Smashed Penny TB.  It still needs Smashed Pennies from the Monterey Aquarium and Cannery Row.  Took a really cool geocoin by Geocachers of the Bay Area.  It has a fault line through the coin.  It doesnt seem to be trackable.  Im not sure if I will keep it or trade it in a cache.  p  This entry was edited by samirsky on Friday, April 28, 2006 at 10 33 19 PM. 
  -  This was a nice hike and good views.  this was the fourth of five we found in the area.  TNLN and TFTC
  -  A quick find on the way to Jacks peak. Cowboy Gpa was with us in this very nice day. T George TB and a coin and left a cool trading coin.
  -  LMAO... Imagine yourself on one of those bad caching days...  you couldnt find your first one after spending $10 and a 1 2 hour on a paddle boat {Treasure Island II}, you found but could not reach your second one {PDH} and only have the coordinates and a clue under big tree written on an envelope for your 3rd one.  Undeterred, you make your way for a couple of miles through a maze of streets to the entrance of the park  where you pay another $4 and trudge up the hill cursing the trees under your breath for blocking the GPS signal. Imagine the elation when you find a cache under some rocks at the base of a tree near the coordinates. Too bad it was a letter boxing  cache and not a geo cache! TNLN, except of course the wood tick that hitched a ride home... Rounded out the day by finding a way down from the park that was a fraction of the distance of the way you came up... On the plus side, the view was spectacular!!! Ah, the joys of geo caching....  
  -  We found this one fairly easily!  Beautiful hike!  p T  MGN Lion travel bug br L  County George travel bug p TFTC!  imeasy
  -  Actually found on the 21st, not the 24th which I put in the logbook.  Great view, great spot.  Dropped a MGN Lion TB and a TRL Bearbait geocoin.  TFTH!
  -  We had fun finding this one, and thanks for the great views.  Nice park  never been there before.  We had a great weekend in Monterey & Carmel canoeing and visiting with relatives.
  -  TNLNSL Thanks
  -  Found this one with the dog TFTC!
  -  T TB Action Jackie L combo lock.  TFTC.  Didnt see the other reported TB in the cache.
  -  TFTC, TNLN
  -  C Minor and her two friends found this cache after accidentally stumbling upon a letterbox.  T   Touchstones Clonkers  or something like that .  L   A Greek Euro Penny and ACTION JACKIE Travel Bug.  TFTC.  And thanks to the Cache Medics for rescuing this cache.   Find #111. 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  b Three cheers for CacheMedic...  b  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   br I was almost going to log this a FTF since everything is so spanking new!  Nice location and well camouflaged hide that should last a while if it stays well hidden. br 
  -  Back in action.
  -  Recieved word from the SYSOP that the cache owner wanted a check up on this one. p I made a thorough search of the area and found a Letterbox about 60 feet away, but no cache.  I brought a replacement .30 cal ammo can and hid it in about the same spot. p This one is ready to go again and can be Unarchived    p Thanks for your contributions to Central Coast Caching. br 
  -  Gone?
  -  Looks like this ones gone, with 3 DNFs, one previous finder check and no note from the owner in the last two months. p Edit  I guess this isnt summer, although it felt like it last week...
  -  As BuckyDef has written, we couldnt find this one where she had found it previously, or in any of the other nearby locations where I looked. 
  -  I was here with BKT today, and since she hadnt found it yet I came along for the ride before moving on to Jumpin Jacks Cache.  After a while of her poking around the area, I looked in the spot that I had found it in last April May and it wasnt there.  The area it was hidden in has been severely disturbed and the original cover was strewn about...
  -  We found the right location, but never found the cache.  Were sure we were in the right spot... we came at it from several directions and always came back to the same place.  Turned over everything we could find, but no luck. p Its been awhile since this one has been found, maybe its been removed img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_question.gif border 0 align middle   p Beautiful location though!
  -  Took my buddy up to see about finding the caches in Jacks Peak park and came away a little disappointed when we couldnt find this one.  Even after reading the hint, dont know what we could have done differently.  Very nice park though.
  -  GPS kept fading out under the pines. Finally started a search and discovered the cache site. Fantastic views of the bay. Hope you enjoy the pics as much as I did taking them. TNLNSL. Thanks. p The Thirys
  -  Second find of the day in this great place to hike. Once at cache site easy to determine its well covered hiding spot. My GPS response was a bit slow and somewhat difficult to follow I guess because of areas with heavy tree canopies. Lots of new poison oak in other areas of park  see photo . 
  -  Fun cache to find.  We were there placing our latest cache, Jumpin Jack Cache.  Took yellow pokemon key chain, left Royal Caribbean key chain.  Great weather! br 
  -  Nice day at the park. This was the 3rd cache of the day and the most scenic. Found the cache easily and did not find a TB in it. TNLN br 
  -  Were pretty sure we found the cache site, but the cache doesnt seem to be there.  Maybe somebody took it or maybe were just completely blind.  We searched pretty hard and got good GPS readings.
  -  Nice day for a picnic at Jacks Peak today.  Minimal PO and a lot of hiding spaces    the perfect cache site in my opinion!  Mi madre stayed behind at the trail to supervise because footing could be a little tricky for those not nimble on their feet.  Took the broken exacto from the cache.  Left toy doggie.  No sign of the TB.
  -  I wish I had more time to spend here today but I had to pick up my grandson from school. Not hard to find. TNLN
  -  Just a nice little walk and great views.  Found the cache with very little trouble.  Took the Guiness Book of World Records, and left a small cartoon character toy.  Thanks for the great cache.
  -  What a great location. Had a great hike with the kids in a park weve never managed to visit after all of these years. p Took a lock and left a pokemon keychain and a wooden toy. p Thanks for the nice excuse to get out! p Hobie
  -  Great area and better than great view br left a tire gauge and took a pencil
  -  4th of 4 for the wine tasting geocaching day.  Found pretty easily   but we did not see a travel bug inside.  Cant remember if we left the signature luggage lock here but probably did.  TNSL   RTO.  On to some more wine!
  -  I must have missed this one long ago. I came back today to get it. The log was full so I left a new log
  -  The trees made for some bad readings on the GPSr, but we finally found it.  TNLN
  -  We live locally and this is our first independent find, after having been introduced to caching in Michigan the last two summers with relatives.  It took us a while to trust our GPS, but it proved to be very accurate.  Having Pilot with us helped understand the GPS, plus Loeyes and  Hiker Boy made it all the more fun.  We took a truck and a Barbie hairclip and left a red heart flashlight and a sparkly necklace. Thanks for the great cache.  Duffer, Jungle Tiger and Monkey Breath.  p  This entry was edited by grethaus on Wednesday, November 12, 2003 at 1 02 31 PM. 
  -  i was getting tired and started randomly searching and kind of accidentally found it
  -  Great day for a hike. The view is fantastic from up here. The log book is full. T rubber snake, L Smokey Bear pin.
  -  Nice hike. A little hard to find the right road. The road I found you could not park on. There was supposed to be a travel bug in this one but there was not. I do wish people would log when they take a travel bug soon after they take it.
  -  Yeah I had lots of the spooky creeping fog today too.  Nice hide; probably the best hidden cache at Jacks.  Was a little worried that Id have to wade through the copious poison oak in the area, but managed to stay clear of it all. TNLNSL.
  -  I think we came in the hard way.  Found it after searching for about 5 min. after GPS went to 10 ft.  We took last picture with the cache camera.  Will return it to Just A Short Walk on Monday.  It was nice and sunny when we started out and by the time we were at the cache the fog was rolling through the trees.  Spooky like the Crawling Eye movie.  T  stuffed frog and Dude at Arms Travel Bug.  L  Sharky the Travel Bug and Foxy decal.
  -  Found it.  See Adventure Geo Boy!s log.
  -   A HREF http   www.nrgbox.com geocaching  target _blank Users web page  A  br We brought a larger team with us for this three cache day.  This was the first one for the day.   br We picked up the Pinapple Face Pez Depenser and left an HGTV Screwdriver.
  -  Enjoyed the short hike from the parking lot to the cache area.  Whew!  Worked up a sweat once we got close to the cache.  Finally looked in the right spot and found it. Took our picture with the cache camera.  Took a set of Micky Mouse Playing cards, and left a stuffed frog and set off my new travel bug Dude At Arms.  Thanks for the great cache.
  -  This is a Back Log  sorry!   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle  br Prior to actually buying my own GPS unit, I went on 10 caches that I never logged. Now I have thoroughly confused myself, I have decided to go back and log those caches so I don’t have unintentional repeat visits! br Thanks for the cache!
  -  A short walk and a great view. br Took pack of gum and left a pez. br The Plunketts
  -  We took the back way into this park, since it wasnt open yet. A climb that is mostly uphill, but very nice in the morning. There is poison oak growing all over, but you can get to the cache without getting to cloase to the stuff. The cache is safe the the evil plant.
  -  we will try again.
  -  4 18 03 2pm With the rains we have been having the poison oak is sprouting up everywhere. I had to be very careful.  I took a very nice bicycle and left one of my Blue Bag cache Critters   You name it   I made it. p  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_8ball.gif border 0 align middle  BladeCarver  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_8ball.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Found it by first walking the lower trail, than the middle trail and found it on the top trail but it was a very nice walk from the free parking area. took the Bruts Bees foot creme  I need more to cover my size 15s  and left a smokey coin and a firefighter. p  last edit  3 15 2003 4 41 53 PM PST 
  -  The views are spectacular.  The hiking trails in the area should be explored while you visit this site.  Be sure to plan some time to enjoy.  Took a pin ball puzzle and left a christmas music CD. br Del and Skip 
  -  Elevation 1042. Found at 15 05 after endlessly circling around. Its a funny thing, you go cacheing in an area you know pretty well, you think, Hey, I know where they probably hid that, and this thought ended up making this one a lot harder than it should have been. Its a GREAT hidden spot on a well loved trail  we take virtually every out of town visitor we get on this trail , although PLEASE BE CAREFUL OF THE MONTEREY PINE SEEDLINGS when you go looking for this one. And do take your time to do the nature trail nearby. p We took the 2002 SLC Olympics Keychain, and left a QJC ID card, a pre WWII 1 sen piece, and a Connie Mack Stadium post card. p A Western Jay came REALLY close to us as we sat at the cache    I hope the picture came out  will upload shortly     he didnt seem worried by us at all!
  -  1st of four found at Jacks Peak. This was the hardest because of a little bit of fallen timber. Be sure to visit the bench overlooking the bay.
  -  This one took a little hunting.  Nice spot!  Cache is well hidden and in good condition.  Left pinball game from GC33A2 and took the bouncy ball. br Took frame #13 in the camera.
  -  walded up the wrong way, wasnt patient enough to find the park entrance.  TNLN except picture # 14 ? and signed the log.
  -  Really had to work for this one.  GPS batteries were dying  spares were in the car  so readings were fluctuating and there were many spots in the immediate area where it could have been hidden.  By the time I found it, the fog had burned off and I was rewarded with the view.  The sandstone rocks were interesting...they were light as a feather. Took the Joy TB. br Rollies Crew  Mike 
  -   A HREF http   www.bobshome.org  target _blank Users web page  A  br Our fifth cache of the day with our friend Daver.  Found this one after a bit of roaming around, at 12 15 p.m.  We took two mini snakes and left a No Pollute Commute stress snake.  We enjoyed this park and ate our lunch in the picnic area nearby.  Thanks!
  -  Finally found it.  Should have looked at a trail map befor we ventured out, would have saved a lot of walking.  But it was a beautiful hike, not one regretted step. Love the Carmel area, never have been to this spot, thanks for sharing. Took Blue Ice, left Joy travel bug  Its first cache! Thanks
  -  Found what we were certain was the cache site   it fit all the clues and was dead on with the GPS   but no cache.
  -  Fourth cache of the day.  Great hike to a beautiful area, view is spectacular.  Took us a while to find even after decoding the hint.  It was very well hidden. Sharpened pencil and took Stealth Travel Bug & Pic #16.  Left Mickey Mouse Playing Cards.  AugieDawg and Crew
  -  What a Beautiful area,Thanks for the very fun cache and the nice walk. Took a $1.00 bill and 2 batterys. Left an ice pack and 2 snakes. Took a travel bug and left a STEALTH FIGHTER TRAVEL BUG. br Thanks,C&MMorris
  -  Ok! I did come here about a year ago before I had a nick, but I plugged the coords into the gps and I got a reading about 50 feet from where it was before. I still couldnt find the darn thing. Oh well, I love this park and I made a 3 mile hike out of it. Skyline to Iris to Rhus. Great day too. Maybe next time I will find it if its still there. Thanks.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_kisses.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Lock and Key was picked up by Iron Chef and headed down south somewhere! br 
  -  Nice short hike...  we spent a few hours finding all caches in the park..  Its a really nice park and it was a nice cool day. p Left a bug. p george br 
  -  I found it last week.  I walked around the park and this was a neat spot.  My GPS also had some trouble, but I worked it out.  It is a eautiful view and well worth the short walk.
  -  This is the first geocache Green Gables and I found on this excursion.  This one was well hidden  perhaps for us amateurs .  Im amazed how accurate the GPS is.  I didnt realize there was a fee drop off at the rangers station and got a warning from the ranger.  Left the 2002 Winter Olympics keychain and took the mini yo yo.  Note to self   Read the signs! p  last edit  7 2 2002 6 18 37 PM PST  p  last edit  7 2 2002 6 19 44 PM PST 
  -  Finally made it after GPS batteries died on first attempt.
  -  Elandrich and the C Achs found this as the first of our Carmel hat trick.  We delighted in the banter between JASW, IC, and T I.  This was the first time the C Achs had been geocaching, and they had a blast.  Took th beaded Gecko left by team gecko  nice beading job! , and left nail clippers, Doublemint gum and 3 super bounce balls.  Thanks JASW! p  br  last edit  5 27 2002 3 46 54 PM PST 
  -  Nineth cache found during this weekend. Put some dirt for nothing under my fingernail. You dont have to dig that much. Great Park. I prefer cache in a wild than those in city. Took the slot machine and a pamphlet and left 2 dinosaures and a dice. Took picture #22. Salut from Quebec City, QC, Canada...
  -  This was the most difficult find of 6 while I was visiting Monterey on business for 1 1 2 days at NPS.  Raced to AAA in town to get a city map and then headed directly to the park.  Landed at airport at a bit after 3 pm, hit the toll gate about 5 and found the cache at 5 25 pm.  Did some circling around in the cache neighborhood due to tree interference on GPS and even poked around in an obvious  but wrong  spot.  I was about 60 feet off but eventually figured it out by circling.  Wonderful site.  Took 2 photos when flash did not work the first time   sorry.  Left one of our home made beaded Gecko lizard key fobs.  Also some Crazy Bones toys.  Took the compass whistle combo and a fish pencil to take home to my 11 year old partner, Nina  Gecko Gurl .  Great, great views as I hiked the circle trail above the cache site.  Thanks.  Gecko Dad.  p  last edit  5 15 2002 10 28 17 PM PST 
  -   A HREF http   www.scubasue.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br 1515 Fourteenth find of eighteen on a geo marathon day with the Iron Chef. Second in our Jacks Peak Park triumvirate today. Took the small first aid kit; left the last two of the fishy pencils and two mini yoyos. We had a nice sized snake cross our path on the way back to the car. IC swears it was 10 ft long  it was really between 3 4ft . Im not sure what kind of snake it was, but it was NOT a rattle snake.
  -  found it after about 20 minutes.  Pretty well hidden.  Left some AA batteries and took the pokemon whistle.  Also took a picture, I think it may have been the last one on the roll.  What a beautiful spot.  Thanks.  Jib and Dawn
  -  Great place for a cache.  Recommend someone create a multi stage here so more time could be spent in a wonderful park.  Took the comix book and left faux pearl necklace.
  -  Ill update the hint! My bad!!! br 
  -  As the guys mention below, we found this directly after the very fun montery geo party. Beautiful park, lovely view. I grabbed a transformer duck and left a slot machine, which kept making noise in my pocket as I tried to locate the cache. 
  -  We found this after the MG Picnic. As we approached the cache site we could hear laughing and remarks like call that a hint? not a bush br I said to S sounds like other cachers looking for Skyline, shall we walk by and give them a chance to hide the cache before we see where it is? Then Kablooey & co saw us and said we were safe but not to bother with the hint. br We found it after a very short search and signed the log book and took a photo. Left my compass combo and took the paperclip holder. Thanks for the fun.
  -   A HREF http   www.bluescollectibles.com geocaching  target _blank Users web page  A  br Saturday 4 40pm. We were going to search for Pez•Cache but noticed we were closer to this one. Hunted for a bit, never getting an exact 0 on the three GPSRs we had. I read off the cache details, and we searched harder. I decrypted the hint, and we totally changed our search area. The hint wasnt helping, and I finally found the cache pretty close to where the GPSRs said to be in the first place. Left a paper clip dispenser with lots of colored paper clips, a Bee comic zine, and a miniature Pokémon sticker. Took a Belgian coin. I think we also took a picture with the camera.
  -    Carmen, Rick  Kablooie  and I found this one after the potluck. The hints were an enormous help if you bear a few things in mind.  Where the hint says gray, it means green. Where the hint says bush, it means tree. Where the hint says branches, it means rocks.  Carmen left something, I left a little telescope that came from a Cracker Jack that I bought on opening day at the As last year, I took a Pez dispenser  we missed out getting the Pez cache, it was getting too late.   br 
  -   A HREF http   www.lostgear.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle  I re hide this cache in a new location and in a different Ammo Box.. br I almost gave up looking for it as someone had moved it way out of the zero point.. I found it about 60 away... p The coods are updated and the cache is in great shape p  last edit  7 13 2002 11 15 36 PM PST 
  -   br This was the sixth, final and favorite cache of the day today   really beautiful location.  WARNING  SPOILER IN COMING SENTENCES  Loved that there was a place nearby to take in the whole big picture and a quiet intimate place nearby to enjoy all the details of this place. However the coordinates seemed quite a bit off   40 from zero for me   dunno maybe I did something wrong.  Also, cache isnt exactly hidden under a bush   making the hint unhelpful.  Even if I hadnt found it, it would have been worth it. br    br Love the location. Nature has helped this cache be really well hidden    Took the Orange County Geocachers Picnic 2001 button signed by Kevin and Susan. Left the Odie Pez Dispenser to go with K9 Quencher.  br  br I parked about a mile away and hiked in on the Pine trail.  A beautiful evening   enjoyed the slugs and deer that kept me company on the trail. Oh, and theres 10 pics left on the camera. br  br Thanks Don! br  b T•I  b 
  -  1 19 2002 @ 1115 p This one had me baffled. I looked throughout the whole area. Gave up. Came back again. And stumbled across it finally. p Left a golfers first aid kit. Took a bag of shells. p 
  -  I was in Carmel working and spent Friday night and my free Saturday geocaching. br Found the road, found the park, found the trail, found the rock, found the top  N3633.798 W 12152.619 , found some survey markers, found the field, found the bush, found an indentation under the bush that looked like there had been a square box there, but didnt find the cache! br I spent about an houre wandering around up there looking.   Looked in and under every bush I could find.  The previous night someone said something to me about solar flares affecting GPS satalites and troops in Afghanastan.   My signal kept pointing  all over the field, but Im confident that I did find the right bush.
  -  Oh yeah!  Just wanted to assure you we replaced the cache in the same spot, but a bit more hidden from easy view. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Arrived at the cache at 10 35, after coming from Micro Fish cache.  The light grey color of the ammo box stood out from the dark bush it was hidden in.  Spotted it from the trail above.  We left a bag of Southern California seashells, a Matchbox motorcycle, a Duck warrior, and an Orange County Geocachers 1st Annual Picnic button  limited edition   Rare! .  Took the dinosaur head and snapped picture #15  counting down from 27? .  Nice views of the bay and the city from up here.
  -  Oh yeah, I forgot. 16 pics left on the camera br leftcoast5  4
  -  Hi. Well got a chance to go out and find this one and after a brisk walk, found it just where it was supposed to be although way too visible. The gray paint makes it stick out like a sore thumb so after making an entry I put it back under the bush and covered it up a little bit but it is still very easy to find if you follow your GPS. I left a pin and started to walk away and discovered that Max had jumped into my pocket in an attempt to continue his flight from justice. I put him back and ran quickly away from his hiding place but when I got back to my car, I found that he had in fact beaten me there and was hiding in the back seat! I guess he heard that I was heading to sunny southern california and he had had enough rain and cold! I hate to become an accomplice and to harbor a fugitive but he looked so cold and hungry!  p Thanks, leftcoast5  4
  -  Thought I could still get this one in today.  Took a long winding dead end road.  All the signs at the end read No Parking.  It was getting dark.  Ill have to come back another day, another route.
  -  Came out to Monterey to go to the Aquarium....Placed Maxwell after we were there also did a few other caches. Thanks for the adventure....very peaceful spot!!
  -  Please let me know the count on the camera when you go to this Geocache.
  -  Great location!  Found the cache using only the coordinates and general info.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   My third cache, but my first solo cache, and enough to keep me addicted! p The entry fee is only $2 on weekdays, so I had a buck left over, and put a dollar coin in the cache, taking the two cents left by the previous visitor and also taking a picture  18 left . p Cache wasnt quite as well hidden as youd described so I deviously tried to hide it better.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_evil.gif border 0 align middle  
  -  Sorry for the delay in logging this.  I was with my daughter and two grand daughters when we located the cache.  They exchanged something but Im not sure exactly what it was.  Ill try to update this when I find out. br   Try to do this when its clear.  Amazing views.  Great location.
  -   A HREF http   www.crashboombang.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br Id been to this park before, so I thought it might be easy; but, when I arrived  5 20 pm  the entry gate was closed since park was to close at 6.  Oh no, what to do?  Wanted to find the 4th in the afternoon, on my way back home in Los Gatos.  I found an entrance more than a few mile drive in the back of the park, and after a high energy hike I was there, snooping around for the cache.  I left a xmas ornament and took the incense burner.  Beautiful place to visit.  Thanks.
  -  Spotted it after walking back and forth on the trail a few times.  It was a foggy day so not much of a view, but a nice cool hike. Took nothing, left nothing.
  -  Ditto. This park has an amazing view of the bay. We got to the park on a lovely evening about ten minutes before closing time. The fog was rolling into the bay so we couldnt see quite as far as the Iron Chef described but it was still wonderful. We stayed on the trail and found the cache without much trouble. Took the Iron Chefs spoon  meant for traveling I hope  and left a bottle cap keychain from a cache in the Sacramento area. Thanks. TracyMc & LisaB
  -  What a great park! There was only one other car in the parking lot so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. Why does this park open at 11 00 AM? All of the mountain lion warnings were a bit scary, but they added to the adventure! We took a Lego truck and put in an incense burner.
  -   A HREF http   www.outdoor dog.com  target _blank Users web page  A  br EUREKA! Excellent view of the area. FYI, It only costs $2.00 to get in, Monday Friday. We took the peanuts and left a K9 Quencher and a utility knife from the Monkeyflower cache. Thanks for the adventure.
  -  Great views from here. I love this area alot. Not to hard to find. Had a hike at this place. br Johnny O
  -   A HREF http   www.agefive.com geocache  target _blank Users web page  A  br First one to this great spot.  The view is amazing and thankfully it was a clear day and I could see all the way across the bay to Santa Cruz which was amazing.  The cache was in good shape and the coords were right on, although there were a lot of flying insects in the area around me so my log entry must look like a preschooler scribbled it  ;~   The park access fee is only 2 dollars on weekdays, you have to pay the metal pole at the kiosk.  I thought about parking further down the hill, but then decided I was feeling too lazy and then subsequently coughed up the two bucks for parking.  The ranger was right there and checking all the cars so it was a good thing I did pay too.  Thanks for the adventure!   Iron Chef
GCHDJ2: 
  name: The Carmel Multicache created by The Beys
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCHDJ2&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  This had been nagging at me all weekend so I went back to try and find the new cache.  After some searching there it was about 10 meters further down the trail and on the same side as the old cache.  I signed that log too.  Future cachers may want to try and find both...
  -  Okay, Im confused.  I found the old cache.  It is still in great condition with lots of goodies.  I added my John Hancock to the log which was last signed in July 2006, and rescued the Roads End travel bug  a yellow jeep  which has been languishing here for over a year.  Maybe I found it with ease because there has recently been maintnence done on the trail and the blackberries were cut back a bit.  The cache was right where the Beys said it would be tucked at the base of an uprooted tree.  Didnt find the new cache, so...Im confused.  Any help?
  -  We are in the Monterey area for two weekends of vintage car racing.  Of course, there is a little time for geocaching.  Today was an absolutely perfect day in Carmel.  Enjoyed meeting Juney and Mr. Dave.  This was great fun.  Took a dragonfly and left jeds shoes TB.
  -  Love to attempt multicaches, but had postponed this one until my sister, Evil Cow Pie, could visit.  Knew that she would get a kick out of walking hoofing around Carmel.  Not only was the puzzle aspect of the cache particularly appealing, but each stage presented its own individual challenge.  Thank you for a thoughtful, fun to do, fairly hidden cache!!  
  -  Over from the HOT Central Valley, caching with my sister, LFoucht. WOO HOO!! This was a wonderful event  our favorite type. Juney wasnt who we expected to meet and we had some difficulty agreeing on the number of letters at Mr. Dave  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle   but overall it was a grand adventure. Fair cache at the end  theres nothing worse than finding all the coordinates, and after an hour, not finding the final cache...  Great walking tour and well organized. Thanks for the creativity and the fun!!
  -  Perhaps as much as 1 year later, I can finally claim to have found this one.  Made it all the way to the final location in my second attempt last year but came up short.  Upon reading the attention given by Walruz to this fun and creative cache, the Dog and I hike back to the final spot from memory to find the prize.  Enjoyed the adventure, Thanks!
  -  Couldnt find the micro at Stage 1  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  but higher math skills allowed us to prevail.  Terrific tour of some spots in town we hadnt explored.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_approve.gif border 0 align middle  The final was in good shape.  We took a geofish, clip and Altoids container, left Starbucks and American Eagle cards. TFTC
  -  We happy to be able to complete this fun multi.  Thanks for replacing the final cache!!  T diva ring  L carabiner.
  -  The replacement final was just as advertised.  Fox51 found it pretty quick.  Nice day and nice area.  TFT replacement C.  This is really a nice sequential and a nice walk around Carmel and much less frustrating now that it has an end cache.  Thanks WalruZ!
  -  Enabling cache. Thanks Walruz  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle 
  -  Having discussed things with Nomex, I hoofed it out there today and replaced the cache for the owner, a service which I typically charge one smiley for.  
  -  Hi The Beys, p This geocache was brought to my attention as being in need of an owner maintenance visit, because it has not been found since December. The cache owner needs to check on this cache ASAP and either replace it or archive it, after picking up any geo litter. See the maintenance section of the Geocache Listing Requirements Guidelines    a rel nofollow href http   www.geocaching.com about guidelines.aspx#maint target _blank visit link  a    p Ive added this cache to my watchlist on 5 23 07, and I will check back in two weeks or so to be sure that the maintenance has been done. In the meantime, I have temporarily disabled this listing. When the maintenance is completed, the owner can re enable the listing by clicking on the link below the cache name. p You may email me at  via the link to my profile on the log.  font color red Please be sure to include the cache name and GCxxxx number, or better yet, the URL of the cache page.  font  p Thanks for your cooperation! br Nomex br Northern California Volunteer Cache Reviewer p 
  -  I dont think the final cache is there.  Please see all 4 logs for this year  2007 .  If the final can be replaced or confirmed to exist, great.  Otherwise this cache should be archived.
  -  Found everything except the final cache.  Great trip and park, but no final cache.
  -  This was a fun multi cache.  We found the location as described in the hint, but no cache.
  -  Did everything ok, Juney, Dave  Dave & I got to be real good friends .  At the final I couldnt find anything but vigorous blackberry growth.  Would appreciate the owner checking.  
  -  Ok........about this cache.......We were psyched to do this multi, since we love the multis at home   MI . Sat. the 27th was our day.  The sky threatended rain when we got into town and by the time we found Junie it was raining steadily.  It was a total downpour when we  I, my husbands in the car by now  found Dave.  With soaked paper and a pen that doesnt work either, I find what I hope are the coordinates and, of course, am too wet to double check. Out onto the trail, we have trouble with the gps cuz of the heavy cloud cover and could it be? wrong coordinates? Anyway, came home soaking wet, without the cache but a nice case of poison oak.  Well be back next year.  
  -  I found this cache along a number of others while caching with TeamAlamo and WalruZ.  Had a great, but wet day.  TNLNSL  TFTC
  -  Parked within a few feet of the first stage, so had to try this one.  Should have guessed who Juney is, since hes famous enough, and weve seen him several times before.   Got as far as Mr. Dave, and calculated final coords, but must have done something wrong. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_dead.gif border 0 align middle     Cache is not up that driveway!  Too late to go back to the plaque and try again.  Memo to self   write the whole thing down in case you need it... well, maybe some other time.
  -  nice walk thanks for the walk downtown everthing pretty easy tftc
  -  Okay, call me a party pooper. Call me a wuss. Finding and calculating the waypoints was not that much of a challenge    in fact, it was pretty darn easy compared to other puzzle caches Ive seen. And it WAS enjoyable to walk the streets and see some of the sights  unfortunately, VERY FEW of them in downtown Carmel . But the final cache location is what bothered me. With all of the possible great locations throughout Carmel to hide the final cache, WHY was it necessary to locate it in an area covered with poison oak? I know    others have found the cache and havent complained. Maybe it was less pronounced when the cache was placed. Maybe there was less of it when they found it. Maybe you locals are immune to the stuff. But why take the CHANCE of even touching PO and suffering with the results for days? I dont see the point. Rooting around looking for the cache at the final coords is almost asking for trouble. Sorry. I enjoyed finding the waypoints leading up to the final    after that, I was really disappointed  needless to say, I did NOT sign the log .
  -  I enjoy multi caches, ones that take a bit more effort than the cache and dash ones, so thanks.  Everything was pretty easy to find, but not too easy.  T  squeeze ball, L  a TB  Thanks.
  -  Our first afternoon in Carmel after arriving from Michigan. Nice sunny day so we tackled your cache. It was great fun. Our coordinates were off on the first part but we finally found the micro. The rest fell together without a problem. We did have to search awhile to find the final stash. Thanks for a great time in Carmel visiting places we never would have gone to. Took the lennon TB and brought it back to Michigan with us. Took Monterey Key ring, left fish key ring and the michigan state stone  Petoskey Stone. 
  -  We left the valley fog and spent a warm, sunny day in Carmel. The multicache was our first cache of the day. The micros and virtuals were easily found. Enjoyed the short hike to the final stage. Lots of places to search, but trust those coordinates. Theyre right on! Signed the log and L John TB, Wheres George dollar, a smashed penny and a geo button. This was #2000 for us. Now were off to see what other little treasures we can find along this trail. TFTC Rivercity and Team Moagy br 
  -  Found it with PippensPaw.  Very nice hide. Great multicache. Took a little while to find.  Took nothing.  Left noisemaker. 
  -  Great hide!  Had done the first legs back in July, finally getting around to finishing this one.   Count twice, cache once??  More like count eight times and finally get it right! .  Found with Nyablu.  SL, TN, L  MBA sticker.
  -  We had good luck with the clue stages.  Very nice walk. We think we may have found the final cache location, but found no cache container.  We might have been lost, though.  Who knows...  Thanks for the fun adventure anyhow!
  -  I went looking for this cache while my wife went shopping.  I did not find the first micro so, I used the phone number hint.  I found the second micro with no problem.  I then found Juney, although buildings and trees were interfering with GPS.  I ran out for time and did not have time to finish the multi, but its always good to have a reason to come back to Carmel. br I liked this cache and look forward to finishing it at a later date.  Thanks
  -  Did not get final cache.  Im pretty sure we were in the right area.  But, time sorta ran out on us.  
  -  4 30 pm.  Down in Carmel for the afternoon and an early dinner.  The first four stages were a piece of cake but the final stage was in an area I can only describe as nasty.  Luckily, I eventually spotted the darn thing!  TNLNSL.  Thanks!  # 1571
  -  18 45   Multicache worked perfectly.  Found the 2 micros with ease.  Our counting skills were apparently very good.  Nice little walk around Carmel. p Left $2 bill SN I85640166A Took Hummer TB.  SL  TFTC
  -  What a great find especially since this is a highly rated difficult cache and it had a WJTB.  I have been meaning to get this one for a while, but since the Jeep TB was there I had to go and get it tonight.  Great multicache.  Lots of fun.  T  WJTB and keychain L  Hummer TB  TFTC SL  armyrotc1
  -  Cool waypoint cards! Walked right by the final spot just the day before.
  -  Great cache.  Went to lots of spots we had walked past several times over the weekend without knowing they were cache spots.  Great clues within the description and clever hides     Left WJTB and a 2 pence English coin.  Took a cache card  great idea btw  and a carabiner clip.
  -   Great cache! What a fun way to spend the afternoon. Not hard to find after we got the coords right...note to other cachers   if you find yourself at the beach, check your west minutes!
  -  We gave up on finding this one because of all the newly fallen trees. But the Dragonflyers were determined to find it.  br We took a magnifying glass and some mardi gras beads. We left a David Bowie button, Titan AE button and Shoppers corner keychain. br  Fireflyers
  -  Out with the Fireflyers for a beautiful day in Carmel by the Sea.  This was the fourth of seven caches for the day.  I tried this one with a group of geocaching friends last fall.  We knew we were in the correct area but we couldnt find it.  Went back today with family members and finally found it.  Took the geocard and left a Chris Isaak CD.  Thank you Beys!  – The Dragonflyers
  -  Started this one on the 20th in the morning, and found the first 4 stages with no problem.  Didnt have time to go back and get the last one until the next day, when I realized that I must have gotten the coords wrong from part 4, because they were leading me to someones back yard.  Decoded the hint and checked likely spots corresponding to it along what I thought was the right trail, but no luck.  Came back today and corrected the coords, then got to the right trail.  Unfortunately, it looks like theres a new tree down right on top of the cache area.  The whole place is a mess of trunks and branches, so Im not sure you could get to it even knowing where it was.
  -  Swung by to check on the condition of the cache and to deposit the TB that travelled north with us from Paso Robles.  The bug needs to keep moving North, or swing West out to Hawaii  looking for an active volcano! . p  br The Beys
  -  This cache was a lot of fun to do!  I took quite a while searching for the first micro until I reread the paper and saw that it was a magnetic micro and then quickly found it.  Stages two, three, and four were easy to find.  When I typed in the coordinates for stage five, something did not look quite right.  Stage five was about three quarters of a mile away towards the ocean.  I went back and got my car and drove it down to the beach.  My GPS insisted that the cache was about 100 200 feet out past the shoreline amongst the breaking waves, which were rolling pretty impressively, by the way.  I then sat down and looked at the paper again and noticed that I had entered my longtitude coordinates incorrectly by one of the digits.  I then parked near my original spot and walked up to the correct area, which I have been to quite a few times.  After finding the proper trail, I found the cache.  It was quite a challange, although it would have been a bit easier had I paid a bit more attention to detail.  I took a small compass and left a sports car patch.  Thanks for the hide! br Village Idiots
  -  Sierra Susan and I tackled this kinda tough multi.  We had a whole lot of fun doing it, thanks.  We could not find the first micro cache and it may be gone, but there is enough info to get by on.  Of course, we miscounted Mr. Dave and had to make an extra trip to the final cache site, but we were warned.   TNLNSL
  -  My husband was ill so I did this one on my own and had a great time. I did not find it as difficult as some but never did find the original microcache. I did find the second microcache and all the others. I enjoyed the hunt as much as the find. My hat is off to those who designed this one. I took a carmel key ring and left an Alta Ski pin from Utah.  It is Mr. Frank not Mr. Dave . I had not read the updates from the founders before tackling this cache so I was able to complete it without his updates but I searched for 30 minutes for the first micro and never did find it so it may be gone again. br NEON8TL
  -  Wow    thats kind of a rough critique!  I decided to check things out before answering the charges of the cache having “serious flaws” and am glad I did  the stage 1 micro had been muggled.  Its been replaced and is ready to be found.  Anyhow, thanks for alerting me that something was amiss there.   p Ok, after reading all of the issues with this cache I’m feeling a bit like someone just called my baby ugly, and I’m going to have to defend by line  p 1. As it is presently structured you are essentially finding 2 micros and 2 virtual caches that lead you to the final cache.  That’s 5 stages – each requires a fair amount of attention to detail to negotiate to progress to the next.  p 2. The cache is difficult, but to my knowledge, everyone who’s attempted it has found it.  If you are not up to 5 stages, or you are having trouble locating the micros and suspect they have been “muggled” there are detailed hints and spoilers to see you through.  Not counting duplicate visits, there have been 17 finds since the cache was established 13 months ago.  To say only about 10 people have found it in 2 years is completely inaccurate.  p 3. There are no “serious flaws” in the structure of this cache.   p 4. The first micro was found to be missing and has been replaced.  The second micro was found as placed.  Both micro’s coordinates were re verified and are accurate to +   20 feet. p 5. Stage 3’s coords   Juney  were re verified and are within +   20 feet.  The only way to end up 75 yards off target is with bad math  i.e.  17   about 10, or 13 months   2 years . p 6. That is correct  his first name is Frank.  “Mr. Dave” hints to his last name.  p 7. I appreciate bringing the missing micro to my attention – fixed.  Sorry you found it frustrating. p r  br Scott br 
  -  found it... BUT!   I recommend you think twice about doing this cache unless you address the following concerns  br 1.  As it is presently structured, you WILL need a high level of tolerance for frustration to complete the course. br 2. As it is presently structured, this cache is so difficult that only about 10 people in 2 years have been able to complete it. br 3.  As it is presently structured, this cache has  numerous serious flaws  as listed following  that should be corrected by the person who hid it.  br 4.  The 2 micro caches are either missing or seriously off course  although the back up clues can get you through . br 5.  The co ordinates for the object with “beads” and “tassel knots” is about 75 yards off course  although talking with local residents will get you to the right place . br 6.  “Mr. Dave” is absolutely NOT his name.  His correct name is Mr. Frank! br 7.  If the person who hid this cache will correct these serious flaws, I think the cache could then become a winner.
  -  found it... BUT!   I recommend you think twice about doing this cache unless you address the following concerns  br 1.  As it is presently structured, you WILL need a high level of tolerance for frustration to complete the course. br 2. As it is presently structured, this cache is so difficult that only about 10 people in 2 years have been able to complete it. br 3.  As it is presently structured, this cache has  numerous serious flaws  as listed following  that should be corrected by the person who hid it.  br 4.  The 2 micro caches are either missing or seriously off course  although the back up clues can get you through . br 5.  The co ordinates for the object with “beads” and “tassel knots” is about 75 yards off course  although talking with local residents will get you to the right place . br 6.  “Mr. Dave” is absolutely NOT his name.  His correct name is Mr. Frank! br 7.  If the person who hid this cache will correct these serious flaws, I think the cache could then become a winner. br signed  geoScotts from Sacramento
  -  This was a lot of fun and we met some really nice people along the way.  We also saw a lot of interesting places right in our home town that we never really thought about before.  Weve had a lot of rain and the path was a bit soggy.  There were also some new trees down that made the going tough... left a TB headed for San Francisco, and took a cool protractor.
  -  Yeah, I messed up stage 4 the first time and had to go back and redo it.  Funny thing though, getting the coordinates from the wrong plaque still got me within 500’ of the actual cache.  Anyway, I found it this time around.   br Thanx, it was a lot of fun, both times. br Took  Korean 1000  br Left  pearl necklace br Smiles Pinky B br 
  -  Started this fun cache on Nov 7th and it got too dark to finished the 5th and final stage. Went to finish it on the 8th at 1 15 pm. Took TB and left Lance Armstrong Bracelet. Thanks for the fun cache. br NT7V
  -  I think I messed up around Stage 4, a person would think I could do that part pretty well with 3 college degrees.  I wanted to get there to grab the TB to take to the Little Shop of HOrrors workshop on friday, but I wont have time to go back for about a week.  Owell, Ill bring my cat with me next time, maybe she can count better than I did. br Smiles, Pinky B
  -  11 10 am   We enjoyed the tour of Carmel for this one. We never did find the micro for the first stage, so we used the alternate instructions. We were a little confused about them and ended up near the 3rd stage when we were on the 2nd. We did see the Batmobile parked on the street though, maybe he lives in Carmel! p We ended up driving back to the final stage, though we missed the right trail and had to backtrack. We TNLNSL. Thanks!
  -  Excellent cache.  We spent a couple of hours in the morining solving it.  It was a perfect city hike.  Thanks
  -  Found the cache on September 14. Very well composed puzzle! p Visiting Carmel for a week with the wife and dog, I took the dog out on Tuesday morning to hit the multicaches first Stage, which was about a quarter mile from where we were staying. Got the phone number and did the math, intending to hit the later stages afterwards. p Found the deck OK, but the coordinates led me to an inn on the north side of Junipero. Since my dog and I looked suspicious as we searched for this Juney character on the premises of the inn, the innkeeper woman came out to see what was going on. I sorta played it off, making small talk about the dog, and so on, intending to get some info out of her. Reasoning that Juney was a statue or a sculpture of sorts, I asked her if there were any statues nearby.  She directed me to the park across the street, warning me that no dogs are allowed in the park.  p ATTENTION DOG OWNERS  Youll need some extra effort to successfully pull off Stages 3 and 4 with the dog. Theres a fence nearby Stage 4 thatll come in handy.    p  I only counted 8 ss the first time, leading me past the path and to a neighborhood. Went back and found that 9th one. Arrggghhh...  p Question to the host   How in the world did you do that? Tying coordinates to a 7 digit phone number is one thing, but tying coordinates to a plaque is something else! Nice job!  p Left a couple laser domes, took the dog leash. I also borrowed the Raising Arizona video, watching it back @ the  dog friendly  hotel and returning it to the cache the next day.
  -  Funny how one little number can derail a caching expedition...  I went back and recalculated yesterday, but waited until this morning to go hunting with my mom, who really likes the area of the final hide.  After some false starts in some dubiously oaky areas we found the cache with no evil weed around  but, ouch! the thorns! .  Some nearby trees looked like they had just taken a tumble recently. TN, Left the Kelp Rat TB to be picked up by KARHU, and signed log.  Thanks for a fun experience!
  -  We stumbled upon this one after Carmel Whistle today, and werent sure we were up for the challenge. Then I read the page aloud, and we were certain that we could skip to step 3  with our knowlege of the area .  So we did.  Step 4 was elementary after that, so we were on to step 5.  That somehow put us in the front yard of someones  or actually, a vacant  house, so either our counting abilities are suspect or there are no shortcuts in this multi  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_tongue.gif border 0 align middle .  Rather than decrypt the hints, Im going to move back to step 4 and try to better remember what I learned while in kindergarten. 
  -  Decided to check out the cache and ensure all was in order since the last geocacher struck out.  Verified this morning that its where it should be.  Follow the instructions carefully    good luck!
  -  this one was a challenge for a new guy.  it was a great day to be out looking.  at the final stop we were not able to find the cache under to only fallen tree trunk at coordinates, there were four of us looking???
  -  Good cache. Found it without much trouble, although for the second microcache my GPS sent me wandering about the chevron station for a few minutes, but I found it without much trouble. Took nothing, Left nothing.
  -  Went back to the point where we left off last week  the library . Went inside and found a wooden statue and we were looking at it closely for the tassles and beads much to the surprise of the readers in the library. img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  p Read the description more carefully and found Juney correctly this time and the Dave was easy too. After that the final stage was very easy. We had found two other caches near the final stage last week. Great puzzle and a great walk. We enjoyed every bit of it.
  -  This was the last one of the day that we attempted  first 3 were successful  and then the law of probablity caught up with us.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blackeye.gif border 0 align middle  p We went around in circles for this.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_blush.gif border 0 align middle  I have stopped carrying print outs of the cache as I now use GSAK to create html files from the GPX data of all the caches and then use Plucker to view it on my Garmin iQue 3600. Now the screen is small and so you can see only a small portion of the description at a time and then we were jumping from the cache page to the calculator to the GPS map   all on one device, one at a time. p Saw the phone number, matched it against the hint, did the math, reached the Stage 2, found the magnetic cache, got the coordinates, added 188 and set out for Stage 3 Juney. Came very close to Carmel Whistle cache, but didnt find the 80 year old stiff man. Found the stiff couple on the bench nearby. Wonder if our math was correct.
  -  Thanks for the tour of Carmel and a great cache!  We used the telephone hint and found the micro and Juney and Mr Dave with relative ease, althought North of East had us thrown off course for a bit.  We recovered and enjoyed the trek into the woods. We took the 10 Mexican Peso coin and left bubbles and crayons. br The Plunketts
  -  Late log in  actually found this cache 3 20 04. This was our first time ever, went with the Ramey Clan. Very fun cache. Because of human error we entered stage 4 co ords in wrong and ended up at the beach. Found our mistake and other than the hike up found the cache pretty easily. Totally hooked now! T TOUCHSTONE FORTUNE TELLING FISH L  MARINE SANCTUARY BUMPER STICKER
  -  This was a great multi!  Took the Hydes out for their first time and we kicked BUTT...except for the noted error that took us to the beach instead of to the nature preserve that hid the final.  Realy, I think this would be a great older kid find as well. p Took CAESAR II game, left MIIS Keychain and Big Sur Marathon Shoelaces.
  -  My wife and I enjoyed this trek through Carmel. It was a hot day so our dog Gus may not have enjoyed it as much as we did. No problems with stages 1 through 4, but I didnt enter the correct stage 5 coordinates at first so we saw even more of Carmel than was intended. But we persevered and finally found it. TN, left a small toy lion. 
  -  We found it!  It was quite an adventure since we havent been out cachin in several months.  Catfish & Co was taking a long needed romantic getaway in Carmel and decided to find a cache while there.  We picked up a travel bug to place somewhere in the Sacramento Valley.  We got engaged the same day, so well always remember The Carmel Multicache. p Catfish & Co
  -  A TRULY GREAT MULTICACH MADE ALL THE MORE FUN BY TROMPING AROUND CARMEL AND STOPPING FOR COFFEE MIDWAY. I LEARNED THINGS ABOUT DEVENDORF PARK THAT I NEVER KNEW, EVEN AFTER LIVING THERE MORE THAN TWO DECADES. ID NEVER EVEN SEEN JUNEY BEFORE. p TOOK A DANCING DOG AND LEFT A VERY HIGH QUALITY PLASTIC NECKLACE. p  
  -  Success is soooo fun!  Thanks for a fun tour around Carmel  I saw places I never would have seen.  Took a long, long time to locate the final cache  my gps had me about 25 feet in a different area.  But I found it.  Found the first four fairly easily  used the clues for number 2.  Had lots of fun.  Took a bionicle CD, and left the surfin travel bug as a reward to the next cache finder.  Take him surfin before you take him away.  Thanks for the great fun.   Took me about 2 hours 
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle FTF img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p WooHoo! Jr. T and I were on a roll today.  Very nicely put together multi.  We cleared up a couple of DNFs in the area and were able to nab this one.  Stage one was not too hard.  Stage two was a bit harder.  Stage three and four were pretty straight forward  although I had to go back to the car for the compass just to make sure on the direction . I took the advice on counting twice, well, maybe I counted three times, but I inadvertantly changed the Latitude to a South, which put the cache somewhere in the ocean in the Southern Hemisphere  Hmmm, that doesnt look right .  Quickly realized my error when I panned out all the way to Baja; changed the Lat to North and was set to go.  Final hide was great.  Not too much PO to worry about and secluded enough to allow time to linger over the cache contents and log. T  glow sticks, and pic up sticks, L  signature geo fortune fish, chinese handcuffs, and something else cant remember now .  Thanks for putting this together and welcome to the area!
GCX61C: 
  name: Riverwalk Walk created by TheConaways
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GCX61C&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  I had some time after dinner and needed to take the dog for a walk so I went for the last stage of this cache. SL TN LN TFTC
  -  Fantastic hunt and one of the biggest surprise endings, although I doubt the snake hanging out on the cache was planned. Please BE CAREFUL before sticking your hand in. This guy was between 3 and 4 feet long and I saw him as I approached. He did try to hide behind when he realized I was there. Having some experience with snakes, and not having any part of my body near it, I did convince him to leave so that I could sign the log.  Put the cache back on its side so that it may be more obvious if a serpent decides to snuggle with it again. Left my signature, took away a good story. TFTH.
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  Finally able to finish today. GREAT AREA TFTC TNLN
  -  We found this on a beautiful September Sunday! Must confess that we actually skipped a stage after stumbling onto another one. Nice hide on the final. T  firetruck and $1 L  super bouncy ball and candle. p TFTC! Find #200!!!
  -  VERY NICE MULTI...I REALLY ENJOYED THIS CACHE 
  -  Found it with the kids. Easy since we did the first four stages last month but the fifth had been muggled or something.  We saw that others had been finding it recently so we went straight to the last stage for the find. br TFTC SL br kids traded shark tooth and blue car for the transformer cubes. br 
  -  Started this one several weeks ago but hit a roadblock when stage 2 was being cleaned up by a prison work release crew.  Not the kind of muggles I wanted to mess with.  Came back today once I saw the final cache had been replaced.  Thanks for that.  Took flag TB but forgot to bring one with me to replace it.  My punishment will be to drop 2 TBs in the next cache I find.  Left $1, SL.
  -  Thanks for replacing this cache so that we could finish it.  The cache was right where we thought it should have been.  It was very hot today, we were lucky that we only had one stage to finish.  Took Jeep TB and Left Flag TB.  TFTC!
  -  we enjoyed our riverwalk trek, although it was hot out.  ive been coming out here since i was a kid and hadnt visit some of the stages so it was nice to realize what all is out there.  thx for the cache.  took the monkey tb and dinosaur toy.  left a jeep tb and a toy dog.
  -  Great Cache!! we had a blast figuring out the clues. TNLN
  -  Went back today to drop off Funni Monkei. br Thought I saw some weird keychain lanyard thing next to the box as I was reaching for it to drop off the TB.  Once I got the box out of the hole, however, I realized it was a snake.  Seemed a nice, healthy specimen too.  About as big around as a half dollar, and no telling how long it was, as it was coiled up.  It was jet black with a narrow yellow stripe every couple inches along its body.  I put the box back nice and gentle, and the snake never moved.  Whoever goes out there next, be careful ^_^. br edit  hmm, non poisonous eastern kingsnake.    a rel nofollow href http   gallery.pethobbyist.com index.php?photo 326630 target _blank visit link  a   
  -  Got to it about 4 hours behind Fajita&Shu.  Quick find, since   I had already gone through the previous stages.  TNLNSL TFTC!
  -  Nice scenic multi cache. Thanks for the fun. br Took  Nothing br Left  New Signature card. br SL TFTC br Fajita&Shu
  -  This was definitely gone.  We got a new ammo with log and swag out today, so everything should be alright.  Please be sure to hide it as well as possible. 
  -  This guy is considered gone until we can get down there and check it out.
  -  Like the others, I found the first 4 stages ok... and likewise the 4th point was in the river.  Luckily I heard the voice before I started wading  P.  I had to give up though... it was way too hot out today, and the area around the final coordinates way too overgrown.  I think this one needs to be checked, as it hasnt been found for a few months now.
  -  First four stages were great fun, unfortunately we could not find the final stage. Very disappointing after a long day in the sun.   
  -  A bitter end to a sweet weekend of caching. Found the first three stages no problem, found the fourth stage even though the coords directed us to the middle of the river, but came up empty on the final cache. Looked in some likely places, walked back to verify our answers from stage 4, had two GPSs in play but still no luck. Well keep it on our watchlist.
  -  4 30 p.m.   Thank God, I finally found it.  Started this one yesterday; however, had trouble on the 3rd and 4th stages and came back today to take another shot at finding it.  I wanted it to be my 50th find, but since I didnt find it yesterday, I picked up Dont Get Me Muggled for my 50th.  I loved the Riverwalk and ended up spending a lot of time there.  And, yes, I walked way more than 1.3 miles, but it was a really fun cache.  Especially enjoyed the seating on the lower level near the water.  I had to use a lifeline call to hubby theCigarmann to help me solve some of the clues and for extra GPS lessons saving waypoints.  He deserves a virtual find for this one.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle  p I Spy More br Vicksburg, MS
  -  Out caching today with the family  Jeepnwoman and Jeepnboy .  Nice cache, I think we walked farther than the 1.3 miles though.  Left a pen and took a dollar to buy a well deserved drink. Thanks for the cache.
  -  We went out a few weeks ago to find this and could not   that was before we had a GPS unit!  However, we did find the starting point, #3, and #4  thanks to Google Earth prior to our start! .  Having our new GPS greatly enhanced our searching ability!!!  We enjoyed walking all over the Riverwalk!  We really enjoyed this multi cache!
  -  It took a second trip to find this one.  We picked a cool evening, grabbed a burger at the Boll Weevil and headed out.  The burger was good, the dessert was great!   Had a good time on this one, went with McNeez.  Thanks for the hide.
  -  We love multi puzzles & walks.    Had a little problem with stage 3 and ended up relying on instinct.  When we arrived at the cache site our GPS showed the cache off by approx. 19 yards.  Used caching instinct to locate the booty.   br T  crazy eight cards, snap link, & star wars stickers. br L  green ceramic angel, chicks rock girl figure, & St. Patricks button I feel lucky. br Enjoyed this hunt Conways Thanks. br TFTH TFTC SL
  -  MY 70TH FIND!!!  The4bucks and I made a quick morning grab on the river.  Cache was out in the open.  We placed it more inconspicuously back near shelter.  Left 2 travel bugs, took 911 Travel bug.
  -  Love caching with skippyrich2kids and this was no exception.  Fun multi and on chilly morning.   br T  travel bugs br L  911 tb
  -  What a beautiful day for a walk along the river.  In the middle of stage 2, I realized I was near another cache so I stopped and grabbed it. p Enjoyed the walk, clues, and hunt.  Must have missed a little on stage 3 because the GPSr was pointing into the river as I passed the weather voice. p Took nothing from the cache, but it seems I acquired a tick from tall grass.  My first tick and fortunately I spotted him before he latched on to my leg. p Left Arrrgh! Wheres me ale? TB.  Thought he might use the river to get back to the sea.  
  -  WOW! I should get four finds instead of one for this cache! br Fantastic day 75 degrees in Jan! Great walk! Super puzzle! br Thanks for the fun! TNLNSL Hoots!
  -  We couldnt have picked a better day for this cache.  We had a nice 1.5 mile or so walk while catching up with friends.  The cache is still in good condition, and I was glad to see the monument at stage 1 has been repaired. p T  Nothing, L  Stickers, Bouncy Ball, Carabiner br TFTC p  This entry was edited by thelongs04 on Sunday, December 24, 2006 at 6 46 20 PM. 
  -  Found the cache with friends. Since I knew the area, I knew about where some stages would be beforehand, but it was still a challenge to figure out the coordinates for each stage. I believe Im now known as the slow coordinate enterer now. A printout of the cache description and a pen is definitely required! p TNLNSL, TFTC! It was a good way to see friends and take a break from the holiday rush.
  -  We tackled this one in two parts.  Started late evening yesterday and got stumped on stage 4, so finished it today as part of our Thanksgiving leisure.  It was a lot of fun! 
  -  Today was a nice sunny fall day to spend on the riverwalk, so we packed up the bicycles and decided to try this cache.  It was pretty fun, but we had a little trouble solving the fourth stage...  But thats okay, we did make it through!  Thanks for the fun!!  We took some foot warmers, and left an assortmenet of nails, brads and tacs.  SL.
  -  Enjoyed this multistage. Did ALOT of walking but it was a beautiful fall day & it was great!  Took Jeep TB  its engine was reving & it was wanting to travel!!, left book. TFTH!
  -  We looked and looked, but never found the goodies. Maybe next time...
  -  Nice multicache!  The cache itself was in good shape, apparently undisturbed in spite of grounds maintenance very nearby.  We enjoyed the walk up and down the esplanade.  We somehow goofed up the coords for stage 4, but found it anyway. TNLNSL, dropped off 2 TBs.  TFTC!
  -  Found this one with Jotrag and her geohusband. It was a nice little adventure before Fan Appreciation Night at the Augusta Greenjackets game! What a great day! Lots of fun! TNLN SL....thanks!
  -  In_the_woods, geo husband and I nabbed this one before heading off to an Augusta Greenjackets baseball game. The weather was nice and it only  !  took us 2 hours to complete...YIKES! br T N, L  purple bend y snake br Thanks!
  -  First of 5 finds today at 1 20PM.  I love to visit the River Walk when I am in Augusta.  Visiting from Greenville, SC to see family.  Really enjoyed my stroll up and down the walk.  TN LN SL   TFTC
  -  Found after a long, hot walk with some great company!! br T  Hot Wheels br L  tosty toes hot hands br SL br 
  -  Nice long walk by the river. 2 FOD
  -  Nice walk around the River Walk.  Saw some intresting sites that I never noticed before.
  -  2nd FOD.  Great hide.  Good thinking Salutations!  TNLNSL.
  -  Found this afternoon caching with Templeton, Pompiere and DD. Good hide!
  -  Took my visiting nephew and my son out for a few hunts today and we had to try this new cache close to home  hey Aaron! hows work? .  Great tour of the Riverwalk.  T  USA Geocoin and glowsticks.  L  Baseball stories audiobook and rubber frog.  Thanks!
  -  Found after much walking on a screaming hot day.  SL TFTC.
  -  Oh well a STF.  Hoped for a FTF but maybe next time. br Nice walk. br T  Bouncy Ball br L  USA Geocoin br TFTC SL
  -  FTF! Alex and Brie were tired from our little trek, but it all paid off for us. That was definitely some muggy weather we drudged through. We wouldve finished in under an hour, but we had to wait out a group of teenagers who were hanging out between the 4th and 5th stage. Dropped off several patches and a pack of stickers. Alex grabbed the Silly Putty, while Brie grabbed a magnet face toy.  br Great exercise, and TFTH!
  -  Published
GC16TYD: 
  name: The Obelisk created by Travl'nCajun
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC16TYD&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Dipped GidgetYo Quiero Taco Bell TB here.
  -  3 of 4 today.  Enjoyed another J hide. br We always admire the Powderworks Mill when in passing. br TN br L  Monopoly magnet, dog patch, and dog paperclips br Dipped Gidget Yo Quiero Taco Bell TB br TFTH SL
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  Always enjoy this area, TFTC.  P.S. Wasps are gone for the year.
  -  When we stopped by the powder works today the Guinea Wasp Sentries were still on duty, but they never bothered us.  TNLN, TFTC!
  -  Message to fellow CSRA cachers.... p The Yankee sentries have been dealt a blow by a powerful Cajun Hot Shot. Should reinforcements return to take the Obelisk, inform Colonel G.W. Rains immediately. p TC p 
  -  Indeed, there are sentries posted for this cache so take heed! Very good location, I havent been here in years. SL TFTC!
  -  Thanks for bringing us to this historic area. The wasps are still there. Saw cache owner at an event tonight and he has plans to take care of them. Thanks, Cajun!
  -  This Was A Great Cache Even Though I Almost Grabbed The Wasps Living Near By....TFTC...
  -  For those who might not know, this historic chimney is also benchmark DE2311. Click the link for benchmarks on the cache page and it will be at the top of the list O mi NE away. Apparently it was first documented as a benchmark in 1902. We logged the benchmark after getting a great view from the Petersburg boat ride on the canal. We look forward to getting to the cache site when in Augusta sometime!
  -  Found with whole family today.  Beware of wasps, they have a nest near the cache.  This is a really cool site.  Ive always loved the beautiful brickwork of the old buildings in this area.  I never knew this was not a part of the old mill. br TFTC SL
  -  We found the pesky family living nearby!  This was a pretty neat place to visit.  Ive been down this road lots of times buy never stopped log enough to enjoy the history.  We got stuck waiting for this long slow train, twice!  TFTC!!
  -  FTF.  Sorry Hoots img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_sad.gif border 0 align middle ... Thanks for the history. We have often said this would be a great place for a cache. Hoots was correct. The coords were right on  good job!! and watch out for those critters. The area felt completely safe and even Augustas Finest rode by to check on us. Great Cache Site.
  -  Well, thought I might finally get a FTF but ya just cant get ahead of them Freys! Nice hide. The co ords were within one foot! Never seen that before. Great history, being from Augusta Ive seen that chimney one thousand times but never knew the story behind it! Be careful, theres a pestky family living close by! TFTCSL...Hoots!
  -  Published
GC10Z1W: 
  name: Williams Walk created by Inkahoots
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?wp=GC10Z1W&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Great Hide at stage 2 found Stage 1 Sunday afernoon, email on the way with code word...TFTH Hoots 100th Yes been a long time coming with all the Hot weather
  -  found the micro first stage. br Didnt find the second stage and will come back within the next few weeks, I have the CODE and wanted this to be 100th for me for being a Baseball person all my life and knowing of Mr Williams and what he has done for Baseball in the Augusta Area, will give another shot soon
  -  Thanks for the quick multi...two stages so close together...maybe we should set more up like this.  We will email the required word.  TFTHSL.
  -  And ANOTHER cool hoots hide. br TFTC!
  -  This was a fun one!  Both hides are quite clever!  Thanks for the Cache!
  -  Nice Little Walk...I Kinda Just Tagged Along With Aquasled Today As He Made All The Dicoverys...
  -  Came by yesterday and found the micro first stage. br Didnt find the second stage till today.  Just trying too hard i guess, went straight to it this time. br TFTC br SL
  -  Okay so I really have trouble with these little ones. Jotrag and I had gone back to the car to cool off and regroup when some fellow geocachers showed up.  We ended up sort of..uh..geo leaching...they found the first stage and we tagged along for the second. Thanks for the help, succotash! It was nice to meet you!!
  -  O.k., after wandering around in the hot hot sun, fending off curious kid muggles on bicycles, and essentially abandoning to the cool car a c to review the clues, we just so happened to see fellow geocachers approach the hunt. We waited patiently for the nab  which he did in seconds, unbeLIEVEable , then we pounced out of the car and demanded  ! ha ha !  that they share in the bounty!!! We then followed like lost puppies to the final cache location where it was all Succotash all the time. Thanks guys, we couldnt have done it without you, no SERIOUSLY, thanks! br Awesome geocachers are what make this so fun! And of course fabulous, clever caches too  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  br TFTC!
  -  Nice hide Hoots!  As we pulled up we saw another vehicle there.  It was a hot day, and we thought they might be geocachers.  Corn tried to act nonchalant as he strolled over to the first stage.  As he returned to the car with the cache, the ladies in the other vehicle smiled and asked Did you find it?  We all had a good laugh.  We went to the second stage together and we really needed each others help.  It is good to meet such nice cachers out on the hunt.  TNLN, SL, TFTC.  The code word is on the way.
  -  Loved it!  Been waiting to see a container like this. Very cool,great Job Hoots!!  Got the code word too. br TN br L  nano dragonfly. br TFTH TFTC SL
  -  Always keeping us on our toes, eh Hoots?  Very nice hide on this one. TFTC!
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!Found both Code cache and Log cache.   Thanks, HOOTS
  -  So close... I found the first stage with little trouble.  I was zeroing in on the second stage when two muggles showed up and decided to sit on the benches around the tree.  I eventually got tired of trying to wait them out, so I left to hunt other caches in the area.  Each time I came back, though, there was someone there.  So, never found the second stage, though Im fairly confident I know where its at.  Going back tomorrow to see if I cant confirm my suspicions.
  -  Found stage 1 yesterday but had to return this morning to have the park to myself, coordinates were right on. Thanks for the fun Hoots, you got some mad skillz. 
  -  After we located the first stage with the code word, we looked for the final for a short time. That evening I sent a question to Hoots regarding the hide. Upon receiving a subtle hint from him, I knew it was where I suspected, although a little different than I thought. br SL TFTC. br Fajita&Shu
  -  We need to get with Buckeye and Night Owl!  We found the clue, but not the log cache.  Inkahoots is being nice   we know where it is, just didnt log it, so hes letting us claim it.  Thanks! p  This entry was edited by cha3224 on Sunday, June 03, 2007 at 5 22 59 PM. 
  -  I went by today to check on stage one and found it a little out of place! All is well now. Sorry for the inconcevience!........Hoots
  -  Found log cache yesterday with Buckeye60, you are slick Hoots, thanks for the challenge. Still looking for the secret code cache, we know its got to be there somewhere.
  -  FOUND THE CACHE BUT DIDNT FINE THE CODE WORD.THIS WAS THE 5TH TIME.
  -  Finally after several unsuccessful trips, I managed to locate the cache quickly.  Nice container, TFTC!
  -  Found second leg of cache today. TFTH. SL. What an experience. Glad I didnt settle for the half find. br 
  -  Finally, found the last stage of this cache. To me it was pretty ingenious. Many thanks to those who cache. Even when you think it is out of your reach, you can find it.
  -  Email coming.  TFTC
  -  Fourth time out. My GPS would O but no goodies. I may have a certain container in mind and over looking the real deal. br Such a challenge to try for the second stage.
  -  I have decided to leave this cache active for a while longer. I have added another hint and made some comments and suggestions in the description. I will continue to monitor the logs and the cache placement. Thanks...Hoots!
  -  Found the 1st part of the cache.  Very clever and very small. br Good luck finding the final cache. Spent hours searching without success.
  -  Found the cache with grid coord and code word. Unable to find the second part. Gave the place a good going over but came up empty handed. Neat container. TFTH Half credit ok with me.
  -  I am not going to disable this cache until I get home next week and check it out. I am concerned about comments and might just move it! Too bad a nice park can be taken over by drug dealers. I can find a better place...Hoots!
  -  Okay HOOTS, you win.  We found 1 2 of it. Not sure if this counts or not. The first mini with the code word and coords was easy.  The second was quite disturbing.  In the vacinity of the second cache was another treasure of its own   one crack pipe, three used syringes with the needles still attached, a zip lock bag full of more syringes and some liquid drug of some sort.  All of this was littered around. It was all disposed of, but we kept finding more drugs, so we gave up on the cache.  There is no plan to return. I have no doubt that this is a good hide, but the neighborhood has taken over!! Code word will be mailed shortly. p  This entry was edited by skippyrich2kids on Thursday, April 05, 2007 at 2 59 27 PM.  p  This entry was edited by skippyrich2kids on Wednesday, April 11, 2007 at 7 14 19 PM. 
  -  DOH! no such luck, however at one point my GPS said it was under a passing car so I knew my GPS was being cranky...Ill be back
  -  Evil little hides just sitting out in the open. Very great hide on the caches.
  -  Quick grab on an afternoon of caching in Augusta. Codeword has been emailed to you. TFTC!
  -  Well...while hunting for the first cache a 100+ bicyclists came out of nowhere.  Once they all passed it was a quick find.  Got the code word and coords, but could not find the final cache.  At the park 9 30 10 00.  No muggles at all.  Ill be back to finish this one.  
  -  Stemuga and Lillian found today. Met Rog Mick while looking thru park. You have to look close to find 1st part cache but very interesting container. We enjoyed hunting. TFTH. stemuga
  -  Great hide and got to meet another caching couple out on the hunt which was great because I went to a multi with no gps just a map recon.  Neat multi!!
  -  Gotta sharpen my micro skills. Nice day in the park. Trees flowering, spring is near. Next time.
  -  Sorry Skippy, I visited the park at least 5 times and never saw anyone. Ill keep an eye on the comments. Thanks for the note...Hoots!
  -  Stopped by around 3 ish today, got out of the car, but QUICKLY realized that I wasnt really blending in with all the action on the street and loitering in the yard behind the parking area.  Several folks on front porches really watching our every move.  Didnt want to put myself and the kids at risk, so we got back in the car and well be back with good ole Rich!  Glad Bo was in the FTF group!! Congrats again.
  -  Tried this one quickly before work today but didn’t have much time and left empty handed.  Returned at lunchtime with Bo&Boys and Fish from Fishbug.  Fishbug and Bo&Boys found the second stage first, then Bo was all over the first stage like stink on a wet dog.  I was their humble chauffer.   p I read somewhere that Bo&Boys are the best of the best, the sneakiest, stealthiest, most keen cachers...  At first I thought that might be hype, but now that Ive seen Bo in action, I am a believer.  Go Bo!!! br 
  -  A three way FTF at lunchtime with Bo of Bo&Boys and DPrime of DsquaredMsquared.  TFTC.
  -  This was a three way effort with Dprime of DsquaredMsquared and fish from fishbug.  A three way FTF  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_big.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  Published
GCM140: 
  name: Among Dead Trees
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=fffb8f29-c061-4129-945e-122d3be23037&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  Very creative and a fun change of pace from average caches.
  -  love this!!   
  -  Found this after searching for maybe 15 minutes with my best friend while we were downtown this afternoon. Followed a few odd ideas before simultaneously realizing our mistake...GREAT cache location, by the way!!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  Signed log, and left a few shiny gum wrappers and a little fake flower inside! Very nice idea. Thanks!
  -  I wont ruin it, but this one takes a bit of thinking, even using the hint.
  -  I found it yay! ?
  -  My favorite cache yet!!! took a good 45 minutes to find, but still a lot of fun!!!!
  -  Found this today during a trip to the Library with my daughter, fun! TFTC.
  -  We were on the right track earlier than we thought, but we didnt realize there were multiple rooms!  Very nice log.  TFTC.
  -  It is so quite around town today.  We had a little extra time during lunch and wanted to go after this cache.  The previous finders are correct; this is a very cool cache.  Thanks!
  -  Wow, what a unique cache!  10 year old Isabell thought it was really neat that we found this one and we had a lot of fun looking through the old log entries.  We spent a little while looking in the wrong places, but with a little gentle guidance from the librarian, we were on the right track!  
  -  I must have overlooked logging this one when I found it. It was a fun cache to find!!!! TFTC Super Trid
  -  LOVED this cache.  Stopped by the location to get more info for a multicache in the area and decided to see what info there was available on geocaching while I was here.  Found easily but almost got muggled!  Thanks for the incredibly creative cache and A+ for effort on this one.
  -  Clever! One of my favorites yet.
  -  I must reiterate how clever I found this cache to be  my first puzzle cache, as well. Stupendous work!
  -  ignore log, username change
  -  this type of cache is about my favorite, and this was great.  cachingbear was on his game for this one.  thanks!
  -  Ube66 and I are on a caching road trip. Our favorite cache ever. Found Dewey and with a double check found the cache. We had fun signing the log. TFTC
  -  Sprocket6 and I are Visiting downtown Bloomington for the day and thought we would do some caching while here.I think this is my favorite cache by far and will see if  i can try and do the same thing in my little town of Fond Du Lac Wi. SL TFTC
  -  My favorite cache so far!!  What an awesome idea.  TFTC  Loved it.
  -  Absolutely the coolest cache ever! Tfth.
  -  First time we had cached in Bloomington and all you local cachers did not disappoint, you really have some good ones!  Our hometown of Terre Haute has a library cache so we were familiar  this was great  thanks!
  -  Very creative, very unique.  An accidental finding for me   right time, right location, right gear.
  -  awesome cache! Thanks! br 
  -  ORALE! Encontrado con Racer2814. Gracias por todos los escondrijos magníficos. Gocé del día hermoso. TFTC.
  -  Found with TSC. Love these caches. Thanks for the hunt. Orale!
  -  Was visiting the library today and checked on the cache. After I saw the DrunkenPenguin geocoin, I knew I needed to take it with me to visit my sister penguins4saf in Ohio this weekend. She loves penguins!  Took geocoin, left nothing. Hope that everyone enjoys this cache as much as I have.
  -  Very clever... but as someone who grew up in similar environs  My mom worked there , we know exactly how to find things here... just returning them is a family weakness  Five minutes max!  One of our top ten favorite caches as my son said... and our 140th  We left a Penguin geocoin to show our appreciation .  Thanks.
  -  Thats pretty good getting someone to help you with the clue. br Heading to Bloomington for an event and some caching. br 15 39 TFTC #6085 br Evansville, IN
  -  Found with a small group of Bloomingtoon Geocachers after the event. Interesting hide, enjoyed this one.  Great fun. TFTC.
  -  Some of the Bloomington Geocachers found this awesome cache after the meeting today. TFTH! br 
  -  Caching with jmthomps. Catching up on logs. Thanks!
  -  Yep, definitely a fun one! Very creative! I did another library cache just outside of Bath, Maine but Im not sure the library was aware of it! It was a book that was uncatalogued and the middle was cut out, and a small plastic cache container inside. Thanks a lot!
  -  This was the coolest cache yet. Weve done one other library cache in FL but it did not compare. Well thought out, clever, shows a lot of imagination. Great hide...Id urge everyone to check this one out
  -  Ive only got a dozen or so caches under my belt, but this was by far the most fun. I even asked the information desk if they still had a physical card catalog . At first, the lady said no, but then she amended her answer, saying well, we do still have one, but mostly we just keep paperclips and rubber bands in it. p Thanks! p  p  I was so very close to the right idea, but I presumed that what was actually done would be impossible without a physical card catalog. I got lucky in that trying something related got me the information I needed anyway. br 
  -  Fun find   thanks!
  -  Geomafia found it  D Such a creative hide. Thanks! 
  -  clever one, we looked for it in the wrong room at first, but then we found it! TFTC!
  -  our very first find
  -  What fun!  Took a group of students from my high school  go bloomington new tech high!  with me so they could earn pe hours.  We started with this one since I had a strong idea exactly where to find it.  They thought it through and found it.
  -  Stumbled on this one by accident while searching through the catalog and finally got around to seeking it out.  We walked right to it and found it tucked in place where it belongs.  The cache host was nice and joked about people asking her for help   Isnt the whole point in being able to find it yourself?
  -  AWESOME THANKS
  -  This was our eleventh find and a very cool idea!   TFTC.  br Catstripes minus one.
  -  In town for a conference and had some time to waste.  I dont usually go for puzzle caches but after reading this ones description I had an idea of where to find it and thought it sounded fun!  It was a quick and easy grab.  Really enjoyed this..quite creative...I might have to steal your idea and place one like this back in NJ. br TFTC
  -  My first solo find, although I had a bit of pre emptive help thanks to Ponce De Geon.  Very cool cache. Thanks!  br Happy caching from a newbie....Lucky Fitty Kitty   meow 
  -  In town for a conference and after reading the logs from this one, I put it at the top of my list.  Took much longer than it should have.  Although entirely in the wrong room, I was almost right on initially, even with using the wrong information...if that makes sense.  Thanks for the cache.  I like different ones like this.  SL, T  dollar, L  internet card.  #354.
  -  I really enjoyed this one! What a great idea!!! Possibly my fav so far! TFTF
  -  Yes, this one was definitely a lot of fun to look for.  One of my favorites for sure.  SL  TFTH
  -  I found this one with WEIIFINDIT and Jay Bird Trax last Dec thanks for the cache
  -  This was the Guys Day Out. So named because we did not likeBoys Day Out and Guys Night Out had been done... and it is now daytime... you get the idea.   P br I was not expecting this kind of cache.  I had never heard of one before but it is really cool. br We over thought it at first but were not too proud to ask for direction and were soon on our way. br It was rather strange writing in the log book, I was expecting to get reprimanded.  P br Thanks for the fun. p PS  I think someone bit me in there...
  -  thanks for the great cache .we tried to over think it and ended up getting a little help.If Trax keeps hanging out with Kite Mike and I hes going to get over his shyness. i keep telling him most people wont bite!
  -  First in door cache, very clever, very much fun. Research is fun. TFTC
  -  Found with Boiler82. Fun, TFTC.
  -  Found this with ChickenLady58.  Fun to figure out!  TFTC.
  -  I just checked in on the cache to see how its doing.  Its still there and all is well.  I enjoyed reading all the signatures in the log book   thanks everyone.
  -  This was a fantastic cache that weve talked about long since.  TFTC!
  -  My new favorite cache ever!!! This is the second time Ive been here to look. Then DD really did help out. Great place great Staff
  -  Great cache!
  -  Excellent hide. Found this one with Mimi and the Abster. p TFTC!
  -  Cool cache! Similar to one in the Homework Assignment series in Indianapolis. No travel bug is in here. SL TFTC!!!!!!
  -  My son loved this one.  Followed a false lead to the romance section, but then saw the forest for the trees,  and was soon writing our names in the logbook.  Saw the dollar and left it. TFTC
  -  Yeah, I have to agree, this one is pretty cool!  Tried it without the hint for about fifteen minutes but then relented and was signing the log book in short order.  Left a dollar for the next cacher to catch this one.  SL TFTC!
  -  What a cool cache!  I had to think about the clues for a while, but once I figured it out, the cache was easy to find.  Glad the library staff allowed this cache.  Thanks for the puzzle and the cache!   SL. 
  -  Very, very clever in execution, kudos to the owner and to the library staff for playing along. p While looking for another cache, OneTemplar and I discussed the hide. He had just found it, and I was getting ready to. But we were only minutes from the library closing time, so I described my train of thought, and OneTemplar corrected my mistakes until I knew what needed to be done. p Again, one of the most clever hides Ive seen. Well done.
  -  Second of the day.  Clever.  As usual, it took me a while to figure out how to use the hint.  But the blank look eventually disappeared as I looked in the right place.  Number 111  110 verified  for me.  TFTC.  Took sataraid1 back to find it later.
  -  This is the 3rd one of this type we have come across, but by far the best.  The cammoflage is excellent.  Yugsirap was trying to get one of the help persons to look up the book for us, but I found the listing on the computer first, so we carried on without the help.  TYFTC
  -  Cute, very cute.   It does blend in VERY well.
  -  Came back to Bloomington for a visit. Found this cache before, had a TB that would fit inside.
  -  Loved it, our favorite find yet.  Didnt get it at first, we went in thinking that we had this all figured out and we didnt, but after a few minutes I had an idea and it worked. Very cool. 
  -  Very exciting cache   my first library find. Asked the reference desk for help   and she knew what caching was, but didnt have any suggestions to help us find this one. I figured it out and then she directed us further. Very cute! Loved reading the logs.
  -  We were all exited to find one in library because people said it was really fun and of course it was. We asked the refrence to tell us where it was located so we didnt have to go all over the library. We found it it was agreat hide. LOVED IT!   TFTC TFTH!!!!!
  -  Not only is this one creative, but it was the most fun. Couldnt stop talking about it afterwards. By luck we went to the correct location before needing to resort to the hint. Great job.
  -  Fantastic! I am in town for the holidays and could not resist this. Way back when I was a kid, this was my favorite place in the world. Many happy hours were spent in the MCPL. I spent quite a while fumbling about until I thought to ask a reference librarian. Together we soon had the answer. This is one of the cooler cache ideas ever. Thanks!
  -  Tons of fun.  We knew about this one and just got around to signing it today.  I would love to know how you got it there.
  -  11 07 am and a great day to be out and about br definitely got Dewey D help and also had to get help from nearby worker. Ive seen this type in CO twice. Cleverly done.
  -  By far our favorite of the 40+ we looked for today!  Anybody in Bloomington from out of town be sure to check it out  not literally   Needed a slight hint from the reference desk   BTW, we found that there is NOT a biography of Franklin P. Adams the hard way   Container is exquisite.  TFTH
  -  I loved this cache! I have hidden two caches in similar locations in Indianapolis. Neither are as awesome as this. Id love to know how you made this cache!
  -  Had fun with this one. We figured it out with the assistance of  three of the the folks who work here, even though none had ever heard of geocaching before! We got at least one hooked. I was accompanied by my daughter  aka reluctant teenager who was visiting IU. It felt good to get into the air conditioning on a hot afternoon. Very clever cache, we really enjoyed it. I am going to set one up like it in my home town.
  -  with some halp, i figured it out!  very clever cache!
  -  Finally got to this one after being told about it from my parents, A&TM. Very cool cache. Found one similar in Indy called Gargoyles. Thanks again!
  -  tried a few different things....no luck...Mrs finally came up with the right thing and there was the cache...very creative, we enjoyed this one....TNLNSL...TFTC
  -  Found easily once I looked at the page myself br dsquaredd2 just gave me some clues about Franklin Adams and I went for it br Bad idea br TFTC!!! br Very creative  I love this author  br The librarian was very excited to see that we found it
  -  Mr.J had the epiphany. Found with mrs. dsquaredd2 and parents. Cool cache, tfth.
  -  I have done several library hides.  Really like the twist on this one.  Adding this one to my favorites list.  TFTC 2243
  -  Found this one with jonesadj.
  -  Great cache.  Found with Sapphire9_8.
  -  As a regular visitor, it was fun to find something like this!  TN LN  TFTC
  -  In town for most of this week, enjoying being back in Bloomington with old friends. Geocaching adds a new dimension to this time around. No travelbug found in cache even though its listed in inventory. TFTC!
  -  Brilliantly done   I called my husband, lovelace, to tell him about this cool cache Id found while travelling, and as soon as Id told him what the cache description said, he asked Was that _Among Dead Trees_?  Apparently, hes a friend of the cache owner.  Small world, indeed!  If you dont mind some sincere flattery, we may try to imitate your cache with the help of our friendly neighborhood librarians.  TFTC! p jklGoDuke br Durham, NC
  -  This is a great cache. Really enjoyed the hunt!
  -  Great hide.  Ive seen a bunch of similarly located hides  and I have one of my own here in Greencastle ; I was totally impressed at the design and the support system at work.  Left a diabetes TB for the next visitor.
  -  Nice cache.  Ducky1 and I really enjoyed it.
  -   Hahaha, very funny  Someone told me to treat it like a book and I did and voila there it is... Last place Id expect to look by myself... 
  -  Ive been to similar caches at UCSB and UNL, but this was by far the best!  And great to see in my own town!     p Thanks for the cache!
  -  What do you do when everythings covered in snow and ice?  Why, you go geocaching of course!  Check out the rest of the facility while youre there.  Excellent hide.  
  -  I was making this one waaaay too hard. Finally got smart and then went right to it. This was so much fun; thanks!
  -  That is an awesome idea! I never would have thought to look there   been within 2 feet of it at least 50 times and never noticed. p  HogueNation
  -  Great cache, one of our favorite to date!  Also this is our #300 cache found!  TFTC!
  -  This was sooooo much fun. Newt knew exactly what to do. LOVED this one. Best cache yet. TFTH br The Wayward Waypoints
  -  found with LibraryGal....  Cool Idea... Fun Cache
  -  Wasnt sure what to do, but windigo2 figured it out. Hes so awesome.  Then we didnt quite have it right, but because Im in this business and I know pretty much whos important in the establishment....  Well, to make a long story short we had some excellent customer service from a worker who overheard us.       Gotta love it.  TFTC
  -  Found the real cache after mistakenly visiting the wrong area the first time with Batman.  This was a great hide.  Thanks.
  -  This was an amazing idea for a Geocache.  I am so glad to see this one up! p Just moved to Monroe Co, I lost my drivers license so once I recieve my new one I will defenitly be picking up a card to this beautiful place.  Good work.
  -  Great cache, great location. br In town for the weekend and took a trip around the area to find a few caches.
  -  Familyplaytime mom and I found this one on a short walk over our lunch break. p  EDITED 9 26   Went back to the library today because on my first trip, I found the same thing the last commenter found placed, and after giving it some thought, reading all of the comments, and talking to briarfinder, I came to the conclusion that what I found was not the cache. Im happy to say that I found the real cache today and its way cool! p TFTC! p ~Batman~ p  This entry was edited by ~Batman & Catwoman~ on Tuesday, September 26, 2006 at 10 08 41 AM. 
  -  I found the location. Then when I went to the location I found a magnet but not a log book. We put a peice of paper on the magnet and signed it.
  -  Found this while at work. Great hide. Wonderful to have cooperation with the staff.
  -  Nice to have cooperation from the locals.. I had a similar cache which went missing thanks to the uncooperative authorities back home. Great job!
  -  Hutt had one just like this   but this one was better! tftc
  -  Found it.  Very interesting cache.
  -  We logged this a while back as the ThreeRushkateers, but now we’re the FourRushkateers, so we’re re logging everything under our new name. The date probably isn’t right, but I don’t want to go back and look all those up! br Thanks for the fun!
  -  This one was the favorite of the friends we brought along today.  We had to get a little help from a professional because we were looking among the wrong dead trees.  We really liked the hide.  Thanks! T   some magick cards and L   our fortunes from lunch and a sig coin.
  -  This was my 2nd cache of this type.  I thought it had been muggled when it wasnt where the numbers pointed to, but a librarian pointed me in the right direction. p Thanks for the chance to do a cool cache on a hot night.
  -  Thanks for the great city cache experience. Dana  librarian  was very helpful but didnt give it away. Made we work at it   which is nice. Great diversion from summer school. Thanks for the unique cache!  
  -  This has got to be the best cache I have ever seen!! Awesome hide! Thanks bunches...
  -  Lost our signal as soon as we walked in the door, and Indianaoats and I had no clue to start.  Though reading the comments I suddenly feel very, very silly. p  Went back today and found it easily.  Loved it, the best cache I have done and will probably ever do. p  This entry was edited by Darnassis on Friday, July 07, 2006 at 12 34 51 PM. 
  -  Really fun!
  -  nice hide!  had fun looking.  Will use similar approach at my library to keep the fun going!
  -  Great cache, reminds me of one of ours. The effort put into this as well as the cooperation of the local authorities was impressive. p  br  This entry was edited by Will+Bill on Saturday, May 13, 2006 at 7 17 37 PM. 
  -  Wow! This cache was really fun.  Mimer and I had flown in from Gainesville, FL for business and had one evening to find a few caches.  This is the first one we went after and we knew we had it figured out but needed just a little help from the librarian.  This is one cache that will certainly be around for a long, long time.  Thanks for the great cache.  
  -  Found this with Cowboy59 while up from Florida on a business trip.  We decided to do a little night caching downtown and around campus.   p This was definitely the best cache of the trip.  Excellent hide.  I even got to do something that I was always told never to do since I was a kid ... Never write in a _______ ____!  
  -  Found this one a while back with cutter mike.  Im not sure of the date, but its in the log. Nice cache by the way. p  This entry was edited by N8 the Gr8 on Tuesday, September 19, 2006 at 12 30 29 PM. 
  -  logging is a pain
  -  This was my first unknown cache find, and it was a great one.  It was very clever and I enjoyed it greatly.  I will remember this one for a long time.  TFTH
  -  This was the best cache of the day! We found 14 other ones today, but nothing beat this one. I have to say that I was the only one in our group who figured out HOW to find this one.  Moose03 had tried to find this one once before, but was unsuccessful. He and I had mulled over several possibilities for how to find this cache, but when we got to the location, we wasted a lot of time. I was getting a little frustrated, but then I remembered something that we had discussed earlier. And, bingo! Boy, Im so good, I guess he should take me along more often. 
  -  This is by far the cleverest Ive seen. Definitely check with Dewey on this one. heh heh heh.
  -  I have done approximately ten of these in the past four years in 5 different states, and this one was the best.  It was not the most complex, it was not the easiest, but it was the best.  Perfect attention to detail.  RATED Sandals
  -  the first cache ive found, and hope that the next will be as cool as this one was.  thanks for the experience.
  -  Thanks for a great find! 
  -  Great job on this cache!  Mrs. WilliamsFam figured this out, and we were able to sign the log.  Thanks for bringing us here!
  -  This was SO COOL!!!  After reading the logs, I kinda put this one off, thinking it was some intellectual mind game.....NOT SO!!!  This is a definite DO NOT MISS... and it doesnt take a mensa IQ to figure it out.   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br BTW  I love the LOCATION!!!  My mom and I used  to spend hours here doing research.   WELL DONE!!! br Total time to find cache   2 minutes.  TNLNSL
  -  Found while we were on a weekend trip with one of our Grandsons. He is 11, loves Geocaching and is very good at finding them. I cant believe we found this one so quickly, thanks to my wifes quick thinking and my grandsons sharp eye. Very cleverly done. Signed the log. TFTH.
  -  Very cool and creative.  Love to see this kind of planning for a fun cache. Logged and ran..
  -  Tried many times to locate this one but took many tries. Best one of the day. I would recomend to any cacher. Thanks
  -  Great cache! It took us a while, we finaly had to ask for help. TNLN, SL, TFTC!!
  -  Nice cache.  A fun one to do with an experienced friend for my first find.
  -  Really cool cache thanks for the cache!
  -  Im still reeling over the complexity yet simplicity of this cache. On one hand it was incredibly hard. However, like all things, it isnt that tough once you have figured it out.  I did get help from the cache owner.  Needless to say, Im very impressed and still very amazed that you pulled this off. Excellent work on this one... I couldnt have earned a smiley face without an extra shove in the right direction, especially since I was just passing through town and didnt have time for many repeat visits. Again, thank you for placing such wonderful challenges in Bloomington for fellow geocachers!!
  -  After consulting the caching gods for a second time , all was made well. Thanks for an excellant cache. br ZBQ
  -  found8 6 05 1 00pm.Excellent cache! Best one I did all day.Had me running all over the place,even asking the workers for help.Dewey was a BIG help.Doc
  -  Excellent cache! We were here and tried this one before anyone else logged a find but came up empty. It has been a thorn in our sides until today. We were in town and attempted again. Duh! It was really well done. Im not sure how you pulled it off but am glad you did. Best cache of the day.
  -  Great hide.  A nice quiet place to have a cache.  Found it after wandering a bit.  Had to get in the right state of mind. Signed log!
  -  Dropping off a TB for one of my favorite caches.
  -  By far the best cache ever.  Took a little while to figure out where it was once we figured out what it was we were looking for.  Be sure to ask around.
  -  A Friday the 13th mystery cache! Ive found a few caches like this one, but this was the most official one so far. I wasnt exactly sure what was needed, but I followed my instincts and the logbook was soon in my hands. Thanks for the hide.
  -  Dropped off calling card. TFTC again!
  -  Excellent! This was the BEST library cache that Ive been to. I got off work a few hours early so I decided to do this cache and Im very glad that I did. Itll be hard to top this library cache! p Prairiepartners
  -  Best cache I have seen. What a great idea. Thank you for this cache. We ended the day with this one. thanks again. 
  -  I just knew this was a GREAT idea! I want to do this in my home town. br I was there last weekend and I just didnt get this  and Oh, I wanted to!! .......as my geobuddy here says   you think too hard!! Yep! Ive been accused of that before.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_wink.gif border 0 align middle  br So last night we figured it out   very cool, I bow to your abilities. br Now I can hardly wait for a return trip to sign the log!! br See you soon!  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle  br 
  -  Wow! This one is great. Thanx for br a great find in a place that my mom  br took me before I was even born. br 
  -  We placed one similiar to this one in our home town  Bookworms Treasure in Tulsa, OK , but we found an extra detail here that we hope to incorporate it in our own cache.  And we were also very impressed with the logbook; what a good idea! Thanks for the cache! br  Donna and Robert
  -  Very cool cache! I love the cleverness of this cache. br Great Job, no caches like this one in Oregon yet! br Gotta get more info on how you got this one placed. br Happy Hunting~Whisper
  -  this was cleaver!  
  -  cooooooooooooool caaaaaaacccchhhhe p  br 
  -  What a COOL cache!! I passed up this one last fall, not thinking that I wanted to look for a cache with people around.  I can see now that I was wrong and I would encourage all to seek this one out.  Very clever and fun to search for.  I bet I looked like the cat that ate the canary when I found it.  THANK YOU!!
  -  Im logging this one from the library.  I couldnt wait until I got home to say what a cool cache this is.  Very clever!  Thanks!
  -  a very different kind of cache br fun to look for br thanks
  -  What a cool cache!  One of my favorites.
  -  Heard about this one from procrastinatrix, so went to see for myself. TFTC
  -  Very Cool Cashe!!
  -  What a day!!!! Four caches in about two hours. I traveled to a winery, then to a cemetry, then bushwacking in the woods and finally inside a library. Without a doubt the library was the most interesting and innovative of my caches found todate. We need more like these!!! THANKS
  -  I was in Bloomington today visiting my parents and my father had asked me about this cache several times so on my way out of town I couldnt pass it up and you shouldnt either. p This was cleverly done.  Way to go!! p It took me awhile to figure out what I was looking for but after some searching it dawned on me.  DUH! p This cache has some uniqueness to it.  It was well thought out and creative.  Your efforts are applauded. p Signed the log.  Thanks for the fun! p Strohem
  -   img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile_cool.gif border 0 align middle   br What a wonderful hide! I found this with a little searching online and then walked right up to the location with no trouble. I love the fact that there is a full MARC record for the cache.
  -   Checked on it today  the physical cache is EXACTLY where it is supposed to be. Those of you who couldnt find it probably overlooked a very important bit of information, which you would have come across in your search. Please mail me or Sallad if you need a hint.  br Check the LOCATION!!!
  -  Found where it SHOULD have been.  But wasnt.  Well have to check for it again next time were in the area.
  -  Found the location, but the log was missing or floating elsewhere.  Im counting it as a find, none the less.
  -  GirlGeek and I dropped in to find this.  I was hoping that it might have been logged by now by someone who dropped it on a reshelving table, but it wasnt in two possible locations.  Ill write a note to the owner when I have my notes on where we looked, but it seemed to be missing for the moment.  Too bad.
  -  We werent actually looking for it, but we just sort of stumbled across it!  Knew the cache existed, but wasnt purposely looking for it. Very, very nice hide.  img src http   www.geocaching.com images icons icon_smile.gif border 0 align middle   
  -  Found it today on my lunch break. This clever hide was interesting and fun to find!  Thanks for the $5 too!
GC1YHRD: 
  name: only the strong
  url: http://www.geocaching.com/seek/cache_details.aspx?guid=d43b897a-d215-49b3-a439-03808b6b79a3&pf=y&log=y&decrypt=y
  comments: 
  -  TFTC Steep, Steep, and Steeper.
  -  You have to love the caching in this area. Its either up or down. Nice hide, and yes, we did survive. TFTH
  -  This is one of 30 caches found in Yellowwood with my friend Sapper06.  It was a long short day.  Long in that we started at sunrise and was walking down the road back to the car in the dark plus I was a tired puppy.  Short, in that we actually had 45 caches plotted out to do for the day.  The cache that sticks out for the day was  its up there, frozen in place and then when we did get it trying to put it back where it belonged, about 10 minutes we had there.  For such a long day of caching we only had 3 dnfs. not bad.  Signed all logs, thanks to all who put the caches out.
  -  Great day for caching with my friend 2Aussies.  Found a nice way up the ridge, but going down to the cache was fun as the ground had started to warm and get real slippery on top.  TFTC
  -  What goes down must come up.  Danger dog is a trooper.
  -  I thought that I was doing pretty good and told myself that I wasnt in that bad of shape until I found out that Walkin Willie had already run 7 miles before coming out to cache.  Danger Dog made a strong run back up the hill.  OVO
  -  Another fun find in this high quality series you put out. TFTC
  -  trailmix 16
  -  I was caching with Trailmix 16, but after getting up on the ridge finding Tucumseh, Henry and I took off with a few others  Paddle01, wisefrog and IndyKenn   to find a some higher D T caches.   br By this time we were trying to head back to civilization and to continue with the original plan of a hike around the lake. br Just another great cache on our unplanned adventure in the woods today. br Nice cache.  br Thanks for hiding it! p Meow and Henry
  -  Found this one while attending my first trail mix, Trail mix 16 Yellowwood. Thanks Deermark and Dagby for a great event and thanks to the one above for a beautiful day. I broke off from the big crowd and IndyKan, Wisefrog, Meow  and Henry , and myself formed a small posse and set out hunting. we conquered several caches before the posse started losing members  I think some are afraid of the dark? , but a great time was had by all. All the caches found were in good shape, but our pluggers were a little off on a few. Thanks again to the posse, made some new friends, and thanks for all the hides. p TNLN br SL
  -  Found during Trail Mix 16.  TFTC!
  -  At first I decided to walk past this one  still up top  and not go for it.  On the way back I must have had some extra energy and decided to go for it.  Definetely got the heart pumping on this one.  TFTC~
  -  Enjoyed the hike to this one very much.  After doing this cache I bushwacked straight to Backpacker Reborn.  TFTC.
  -  Another hill?  Keepem coming Skip.  Enjoyed your hides today.  Thanks for another quality cache  and for the exercise, of course .
  -  ha ha man. u sure put a lot of hills around this series of caches bru! lol
  -  FTF!  Only the strong?  You werent kidding... it took us coming back down this hill to realize that its the hill that wont stop.  TFTC.
  -  Published
